LONDON - Arsene Wenger conceded Arsenal's hope of ending its Champions League exile is in severe danger after Harry Kane condemned it to a damaging 10 loss to bitter rival Tottenham on Saturday.
Kane's late header at Wembley left Wenger's sixth-place side languishing six points adrift of the Premier League's top four.
Failing to qualify for next season's Champions League via a top four finish would be another hammer blow for beleaguered Arsenal boss Wenger, whose team had to settle for a berth in the far less attractive Europa League this term.
Wenger acknowledged that depressing fate is staring Arsenal in the face again following Kane's latest act of vengeance against the club that rejected him as a youngster.
"It's a game we couldn't afford to lose; it makes it much more difficult," Wenger said.
"We have to fight, there was more at stake than just the derby, that's why it's so disappointing.
"It's very disappointing because the priority is to be in the Champions League via the top four.
"I'm not a big fan of the Europa League winner getting into the Champions League. It's not right, but if it is an opportunity we have to take it."
It was a frustrating afternoon for Wenger, whose side was outplayed for long periods as new signings PierreEmerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan failed to shine in their first taste of the north London derby.
Arsenal's wretched road record against teams in the top five - the Gunners haven't won their last 16 of those matches - left Wenger cursing a lack of cutting edge and a defense that wilted when Kane rose to head home Christian Eriksen's cross.
"We missed chances on the counter attack that are not acceptable at this level. Then at the start of the second half we should have lost the game by more," he said.
"At the top level you have to be mentally strong enough to take the chances.
"We can only look at ourselves on the goal, but I don't think we lack hunger in defense.
"We were caught by a super striker, he is one of the best in the world. he scores against everyone.
"The away record is very poor. We don't score enough goals away from home."
In contrast to Wenger's woes, Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino was searching for fresh ways to praise Kane.
The England star's 32nd club goal of the season means he has now tallied seven times in as many leagues games against Arsenal.
Not for the first time, Pochettino made it clear Kane deserves to be ranked among the world's best strikers.
"Of course Harry is one of the best in the world. I have repeated that for the last few years," he said.
"Sometimes you believe that he is my player and I try to boost him. I'm telling you and I tell again, in my experience in football, he is one of the best.
"He deserves to be one of the best. It's so good to have him in our side.
"Every match that Harry plays, he has the same energy."
Agence France-presse