
With less than five months to go until the 21st edition of the FIFA World Cup in Russia, Brazil coach Tite is looking beyond his country's domestic top flight and Europe's major leagues to fill his squad. One of his targets is the Chinese Super League, which in 2017 featured 25 Brazilians, many of whom lit up the CSL with trademark flair and plenty of goals. Here, Xinhua gives you the lowdown on seven of those who have caught the eye and will be looking to cement a place in, or play their way into, Tite's 23-man squad when the new CSL season kicks off in March.
Renato Augusto (Beijing Guo'an) 

Barring injury, Beijing Guo'an midfielder Renato Augusto, whom Tite coached at Corinthians in 2013, is likely to be one of the first players named to the 56-year-old's World Cup squad.
The 29-year-old has been in fine form since arriving in the Chinese capital from Corinthians in January 2016, scoring 10 goals in 57 matches for his club.
During that time he has been a constant presence in Tite's starting XI and was vital in helping the Selecao finished atop the South American World Cup qualifying group after a slow start.
Tite has mainly deployed Renato alongside Paulinho and Casemiro in central midfield, but the former Bayer Leverkusen player can also be used in a more advanced position behind the strikers or in a wide role.
In November, Guo'an ended speculation linking Renato to clubs in Europe and Brazil by extending his contract until 2021.
His success on the field coincides with happiness off it. Renato has spoken of his fondness for cosmopolitan Beijing and recently celebrated the "happiest day of his life" upon the birth of his first child.
Hernanes (Hebei China Fortune) 

Despite having not represented Brazil since the team's humiliating 7-1 loss to Germany in the 2014 World Cup semifinals, Hernanes is making a strong case for a recall to the national squad.
The 32-year-old spent the second half of 2017 on loan to Sao Paulo and was instrumental in helping the team avoid relegation, scoring nine goals in 19 league matches.
In November, Tite revealed he was following Hernanes' progress with a view to World Cup selection.
"He is back," the manager told TV Globo. "He is ambidextrous, has exceptional passing quality, can shoot from distance and can adapt to different midfield roles."
Hebei China Fortune turned down Sao Paulo's request to extend Hernanes' loan and the former Juventus, Inter Milan and Lazio player is back in China preparing for the upcoming season.
Diego Tardelli (Shandong Luneng) 

Shandong Luneng striker Diego Tardelli returned to the Brazil squad after a two-year absence in October for World Cup qualifiers against Bolivia and Chile.
Though he remained on the bench for both matches, his inclusion showed that the 32-year-old has a chance of making the finals in Russia.
The former Real Betis forward netted 15 times in the Chinese Super League last year despite injury restricting him to 18 appearances.
Similar productivity in the first half of the 2018 campaign should be enough to book his ticket.
Gil (Shandong Luneng) 

Like Renato Augusto and Barcelona's former Guangzhou Evergrande midfielder Paulinho, Gil is one of Tite's former Corinthians.
The 30-year-old has not been a part of Brazil's squad since June last year but his solid form for Shandong Luneng has ensured he is still on the coach's radar.
Gil's World Cup hopes are also aided by Brazil's relative dearth of world-class central defenders.
Inter Milan's Miranda and Paris Saint-Germain duo Marquinhos and Thiago Silva are all but guaranteed roster spots, leaving one more centerback slot up for grabs.
Among those vying for the vacancy are Sao Paulo's Rodrigo Caio, Gremio's Pedro Geromel and Gil.
Alexandre Pato (Tianjin Quanjian) 

Former AC Milan prodigy Alexandre Pato has been absent from the national team for almost five years. And while most pundits do not expect him to be in Tite's plans, the 28-year-old hasn't given up hope.
The striker bagged 15 goals in 24 matches for Tianjin Quanjian in 2017 as the club finished third in the Chinese Super League.
"I worked all year (2017) thinking about the national team ... which means extra physical work at home," Pato said this month.
"I think there is still a lot of time left for the World Cup. I have to work hard and be focused on my job here in China."
Pato said the examples of Paulinho, Tardelli, Renato and Gil had provided inspiration in his pursuit of a World Cup call-up.
Ricardo Goulart (Guangzhou Evergrande) 

Like Pato, Ricardo Goulart has only an outside chance of going to Russia, despite a sustained run of good form for Guangzhou Evergrande.
The 26-year-old attacker, whose solitary Brazil cap came in 2014, has scored 78 goals in 123 matches for Evergrande since his $20 million move from Cruzeiro in January 2015.
In that time he has helped the club to three consecutive CSL titles and was voted the competition's best player in 2015 and 2016.
According to reports in Brazil, Palmeiras have made a formal proposal to sign the playmaker for the 2018 season.
Oscar (Shanghai SIPG) 

A somewhat forgotten man in Brazil, Oscar endured a frustrating debut season with Shanghai SIPG after his high-profile move from Chelsea in January 2017.
He scored three goals in 24 appearances in a year tarnished by an eight-game ban for his role in a brawl during a league match in June.
Upon his arrival in Shanghai, Oscar said his chances of a Brazil recall would improve, given the limited opportunities he had in his final season at Chelsea.
"There are other players being called up who play for Chinese clubs, so I don't feel hidden here," Oscar said. "I was not playing in England so if I play here I might be closer to being called up."