LONDON－Alexis Sanchez arrived at Manchester United's training ground ahead of his expected move from Arsenal on Sunday, as his swap deal with Henrikh Mkhitaryan edged closer.
Earlier, the Chile international posted a video on Instagram, apparently showing him walking across an airstrip towards a private jet following reports that he was due in northwest England for a medical.
Britain's Daily Telegraph reported Sanchez was seen arriving at United's Carrington training complex to complete his move from the London club.It is widely expected that the deal will be finalized by Tuesday.
Sky reported that Mkhitaryan had a medical in London on Sunday.
Sanchez is set to become United's best-paid player, with some reports putting his salary at $554,000 per week, prompting a warning from former England boss Steve McClaren that his high wages could create dressing room disharmony.
"Wage parity is very important to players. Yes, they find out－at all levels－and if someone is paid a lot higher than others that can cause a problem," McLaren said.
Sky Sports News showed Armenian international Mkhitaryan at a central London hotel on Saturday evening alongside agent Mino Raiola.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger and United manager Jose Mourinho both said they expected the two-way deal between the Premier League rivals to go through.
Wenger said Sanchez was absent from the Arsenal squad on Saturday because he was close to completing a deal that has been in the making since United outbid Manchester City for the 29-year-old.
"I expect soon or never," Mourinho said after his side's 1-0 win against Burnley. "I think it is so close, so close, so close that if it doesn't happen it's not going to happen."
Sky said it understood it could be a straight swap deal but details were yet to be finalized.
McClaren, who was Alex Ferguson's assistant with Manchester United in 1999, warned Sanchez's earnings could unsettle other players.
"If he (Sanchez) is getting the wage that is being bandied about, other players will know that when their contracts come up or they are in demand from other clubs," he said.
Former Barcelona and Udinese forward Sanchez scored 80 goals in 166 appearances for the Gunners, and McClaren added that the deal was a major coup for United.
"Any manager worth his salt would love to have Sanchez in their team because he is such a special player," McClaren told BBC Radio.
"Sanchez coming in for the second half of the season at Manchester United is a huge boost to them.
"He has got that experience and toughness, he wins games and he is a leader."His presence will lift the level of the whole club."
AFP