 
Javier Mascherano says he is relishing playing with Hebei China Fortune after ending a seven-and-a-half-year spell with Barcelona in January.
The 33-year-old has so far been deployed in midfield by coach Manuel Pellegrini, having been mostly used as a centerback during his time at Camp Nou.
Mascherano said he harbors no ill-feelings toward Barca and insisted that the transfer was of his own volition and based on his desire to play regularly.
"The change was my own decision, it did not mean that I was sad or disappointed," Mascherano told reporters in Manchester ahead of Argentina's friendly with Italy at Etihad Stadium on Friday.
"I chose to leave Barcelona because I thought I couldn't play the role of previous years. I didn't see any sense in not having continuity.
"I could have stayed a year and a half more to complete my contract but I'm of the opinion that you should make your own decisions about moving on.
"I had the possibility of going to China, a league totally different to (Spain), where I could have the opportunity to play regularly, and in midfield, which is where I like the most, where I played from the beginning of my career."
After Friday's match, Argentina, captained by Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi, faces Spain in a mouthwatering matchup at Wanda Metropolitano Stadium in Madrid on Tuesday.
Despite his preference for playing as a defensive midfielder, a position he excelled in for West Ham and Liverpool, Mascherano is willing to play where needed for his country.
"I come to bring something to the national team, and the coach (Jorge Sampaoli) has the authority to play me were he feels I can best help the team."
Mascherano said that it would be a "dream come true" for Argentina to atone for its extra-time defeat to Germany in the 2014 World Cup final by winning this summer's tournament.
The Albiceleste, which has been drawn with Croatia, Iceland and Nigeria in Group D in Russia, last won the tournament in 1986.
"You always dream of big things and try to imagine it (winning the World Cup), but the priority is to be in the squad, to play in another World Cup and to have the opportunity to advance in the competition," Mascherano concluded.