Can Bora Milutinovic still conjure up some magic?
The veteran Serbian bench boss, who earned the nickname "Magic Coach" after leading China to its only World Cup appearance in 2002, has been hired by the Chinese Football Association as a consultant for youth training.
"He brought a happy soccer philosophy to Chinese players during his past tenure and played a key role in adjusting their form mentally and physically," a fan named Qingfeng said on weibo on Friday.
"He helped Chinese players release their pressure, which was the national team's biggest obstacle in big matches.
"Bora's success is more a result of his psychological treatment rather than tactical reform. But I'm concerned if he will have some magic again in youth training. It requires systematic philosophy and complicated experience in this area."
Now 73, Milutinovic is confident he can contribute to the training of young Chinese players.
Youth soccer is the cornerstone of the whole process of performance enhancement, and it is a great pleasure to see the CFA's efforts to develop the youth training system and put it on the list of priorities, Milutinovic said in a statement released on CFA website on Thursday.

"Because of the wonderful experience I had in China, I have a special and strong attachment to the country. I am very glad to give my dedication to the development of youth training and the discovery of more young talent in China."
China conceded nine goals in losing three straight games at the 2002 World Cup, but Milutinovic cemented his reputation as a dedicated and innovative coach. Over his storied career he has also led Mexico, Costa Rica, Nigeria and the United States to the World Cup finals.
Over the past 16 years, he sometimes attended Chinese Super League matches and on several occasions expressed his desire to again be involved with the national program.
CFA senior official Du Zhaocai welcomed Milutinovic on behalf of the organization.
"Milutinovic is familiar with Chinese football and the culture of China. We hope he can use this advantage to assist in the improvement of youth training and find more talented players for Chinese football," Du said.
China, now under Italian World Cup winner Marcello Lippi, again failed to make this year's World Cup but is slowly moving up the FIFA rankings, where it currently sits 71st.