German giant steps up homegrown makeover with signing from Schalke
Bayern Munich's gradual metamorphosis into "FC German Munich" is continuing with the expected signing of Schalke midfielder Leon Goretzka.
According to German magazines Kicker and Sports Bild, the Bavarian giant has fended off competition from Barcelona, Juventus and Liverpool for the 22-year-old Germany international, who will join Bayern in the summer.
Goretzka, capped 12 times by his country, is regarded as another vital piece in Bayern president Uli Hoeness' attempts to reinvigorate the club's aging squad with homegrown talent like Franck Ribery (34), Arjen Robben (33) and Arturo Vidal (30) apparently nearing their last days with the club.
"Goretzka is a smart and intelligent fellow who knows exactly what is the best next step for him," said Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes.
"His development has been impressive. He is a great footballer and character."
Bayern is further bolstering its roster with Germany internationals Serge Gnabry and Sandro Wagner.
Former Arsenal winger Gnabry, 22, will rejoin his parent club when his loan spell at Hoffenheim ends this summer, while striker Wagner, 30, returned for a second stint at Bayern from Hoffenheim on Jan 1 and is currently at the club's warm-weather training camp in Qatar.
Bayern will resume its bid for a record-extending 28th Bundesliga crown against Bayer Leverkusen on Friday.
The five-time European champion, which leads second-place Schalke in the domestic standings by 11 points, is also reportedly set to extend Germany rightback Joshua Kimmich's contract until 2023, while the club is considering signing Paris Saint-Germain's unsettled attacking midfielder Julian Draxler, also a Germany international.
Meanwhile, Hoeness has announced Bayern is considering splashing another $83 million "as soon as we can to improve the team's quality in an important position".
Changes appear to be afoot on the coaching front too. Heynckes, 72, who returned for a fourth stint in the Bayern hotseat following the firing of Carlo Ancelotti in September, is poised to reject overtures to remain in the job until 2019 and quit in the summer.
Julian Nagelsmann (Hoffenheim), Ralph Hasenhuettl (RB Leipzig), Nico Kovac (Eintracht Frankfurt), Jurgen Klopp (Liverpool) and German national coach Joachim Loew are all being touted as possible successors.
Representatives of former Borussia Dortmund boss Klopp have denied any contact with Bayern.
Bayern sports director Hasan Salihamidzic told German media that a decision concerning the coach will be made within the next month.
"We will find a satisfactory solution; there is no reason to hurry," the former Bosnia and Bayern defender said.
"For now, we concentrate on a good start after the winter break and face the international challenges waiting for us."
Xinhua
 