This month's AFC Under-23 Championship in Jiangsu province will act as something of a yardstick for the Chinese Super League's attempts to guarantee more first-team soccer to young domestic talent.
Since the start of the 2017 season, clubs have been required to include at least one Chinese under-23 player in their starting lineups, while tougher measures in place for next season will mean the number of foreign players on the pitch at any time cannot exceed the number of local under-23 players.
The likes of winger Wei Shihao, who has just signed for Beijing Guo'an from Portuguese side Leixeos having spent last season on loan at Shanghai SIPG, and defender Deng Hanwen, who last month left Beijing Renhe for Guangzhou Evergrande, continued their upward curve under the new rules last term, with both earning senior caps.
The AFC tournament, which kicks off today and finishes on Jan 27, will provide another indicator of their progress, while for West Bromwich Albion striker Zhang Yuning, who has endured a miserable time on loan to German side Werder Bremen, it's a chance to dispel the doubts.
China has had little to cheer in the past two editions of the tournament, failing to pick up a single point in its group-stage matches in 2014 and 2016.
A repeat would be disastrous for coach Massimiliano Maddaloni and would also cast a cloud over the CSL's new regulations.
Last season, the Chinese Football Association issued two new rules aimed at reducing the number of foreigners in top-tier teams and forcing them to give more opportunities to young homegrown players.
Each of the 16 CSL teams can sign a maximum of five foreigners, but only three can be included on match-day rosters, while two under-23 players must be on the rosters of each team, with one a starter.
Beginning in the 2018 season, the number of foreign players on the pitch cannot exceed the number of local under-23 players. At any time, a maximum of three foreigners can be on the pitch.
What's more, each CSL side can only have a maximum of four non-Chinese players on its squad, and during a season clubs can sign a maximum of six foreigners (if, for example, two left during the season).
While Chinese under-23 players have been benefitting in the CSL, their progress has yet to be measured on the Asian stage. Group rivals Qatar, Uzbekistan and Oman should provide stern tests.
Qatar Under-23s defeated China 3-1 in the 2016 tournament, eventually placing fourth overall to narrowly miss out to Iraq in Olympic qualification.
Many of the squad that lifted the 2014 AFC Under-19 Championship will feature in its current crop of Under-23s.
Like China, Uzbekistan has never advanced beyond the group stage, but it managed to snatch a win in 2016, while stars like Otabek Shukurov and Dostonbek Khamdamov have played for the senior team in World Cup qualifiers.
In all, seven members of Uzbekistan's under-23 team have senior caps.
Maddaloni, who is assistant to China's senior coach Marcello Lippi, has told his under-23s he wants to lift the title.
That might be overly optimistic, but emerging from the group should be a bare minimum for China. Failure to do so could have repercussions for the CFA's new rules and even Lippi's role.