MANCHESTER, England－Jose Mourinho has laughed off the suggestion that his decision to live in a city center hotel shows a lack of commitment to his role as manager of Manchester United.
The Portuguese coach was forced to confirm his continued desire to remain in charge at Old Trafford following reports that senior club officials are concerned he might be preparing to leave at the end of the season.
Mourinho's choice to live in an apartment in the city center Lowry Hotel, rather than buy a permanent residence in the area, is also seen by critics at proof that the former Chelsea manager lacks a long-term wish to stay in the northwest.
"If the fans want me to be comfortable, that's the way I feel comfortable," Mourinho said on Thursday.
"I am very lazy. I like to arrive in the hotel and I don't want anyone to worry because I'm not living in a two-square-meters room.
"I'm in an apartment where I have all the comfort and support, like living in a house. If they are worried about me being comfortable and happy and supported, I really am.
"If they want me to be in a house that I don't like, lonely, away from my assistants, then I would be a sad guy－and sad guys don't work well."
The 54-year-old was clearly offended by reports that his recent apparent unhappiness at his club's lack of financial power, when compared with runaway league leader Manchester City, proved his lack of enthusiasm for the United job.
Speaking ahead of his side's FA Cup third round tie against Derby on Friday, he stressed his commitment to the Premier League giant－as he has repeatedly done in online posts.
"I am always thinking that my job is the job, so I dedicate myself to every club," said Mourinho, whose club is second in the Premier League but trails rival Manchester City by 15 points.
"I arrive, I wear the shirt and in that moment it becomes my club. I manage to dedicate myself so strongly to every one of my clubs. I become emotionally connected.
"Everyone knows in Italy, I am Inter, Inter, Inter. In Spain, I am Real Madrid, Real Madrid, Real Madrid."