 "We haven't crushed Paris to bits and pieces. They had a great chance during the game to score when the result was still far from 3-1."
Bayern advanced to the last 16 as Group B runners-up, but Mueller wasn't reading too much into the win, or PSG's 3-0 triumph in Paris.
"We lost the first game, yes. But our performance in general wasn't that bad. They did not whitewash us as we didn't whitewash them in the second game," he stressed.
Soccer is a results business but Mueller does not accept a "narrow-minded black or white view". He was, though, happy with his team's ruthlessness in the second match. "We scored three goals out of four or five chances," he said.
Mueller doesn't believe the match was an accurate indicator of the ultimate outcome of this season's Champions League tournament.
After the defeat in Paris, Bayern's hierarchy decided to change coaches. The team knew "it had to get things back into place", Mueller said.
"When a new coach is appointed a team has to take responsibility and focus more on teamwork," he added.
Mueller reckons the change the coach has paid off as now the team "is working well as a unit".
Despite Bayern's 11-point Bundesliga lead at the midway point in the season, Mueller said his team is "far from crushing every side in the league".
Bayern is well aware that there is much room for improvement, but it is undoubtedly much more stable after a mediocre start to the season.
"When we talk about a wired first half of the season we have to talk about Borussia Dortmund too," Mueller said. "They gained a lead of five points after seven matches.
"Now we are 11 points ahead. Nobody would have had the guts to predict a turnaround like that back in September."
Bayern is on course for a domestic double after beating Dortmund 2-1 in the German Cup on Dec 20.
In the Champions League, Bayern faces Turkish club Beskitas in the last 16, with the first leg in Munich on Feb 20 and the return fixture on March 14. Mueller admitted the draw was favorable for Bayern.
"We know there are maybe stronger teams in the competition having to face each other in the round of 16."
Mueller said Bayern is comfortable with its favorite tag against Istanbul side Besiktas, "especially in the away game when we need to be fully concentrated".
He even thinks Bayern has the quality to win the competition but cautioned that "many little things decide European games".
Mueller suffered from a sharp dip in form earlier this year but now feels stronger for his travails.
"The last year wasn't always perfect for me, but it was not as bad as many thought," he said.
"I know, and the team knows, we could have done better. Especially last season we could have achieved more than only the national title."