Reds splash $100m on Dutchman as they bid to plug leaky defense
Liverpool is breaking the world transfer record for a defender by signing Virgil van Dijk from Southampton in a $100 million move.
Following the Reds' lengthy pursuit of the 26-year-old Netherlands centerback, Southampton announced on Wednesday that it accepted the record fee ahead of the opening of the January transfer window.
"Delighted and honored to have agreed to become a Liverpool FC player," Van Dijk wrote on Instagram alongside a picture of himself holding a jersey of the club he will join on Jan 1. "Today is a proud day for me and my family as I join one of the biggest clubs in world football!
"I can't wait to pull on the famous red shirt for the first time in front of the Kop and will give everything I have to try and help this great club achieve something special in the years to come."
The transfer fee of 70 million pounds ($94 million) could reach £75 million ($100 million) depending on Van Dijk's achievements at Liverpool.
The scale of the investment signals Liverpool's determination to plug leaks in a defense that have contributed to the team falling 17 points behind leader Manchester City into fourth place in the Premier League.
Liverpool is devastating going forward, with the "Fab Four" attack of Philippe Coutinho, Roberto Firmino, Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah helping Jurgen Klopp's side amass a 46-goal haul that only City has eclipsed.
But the Merseysiders have conceded 23 goals in 20 games－more than any rival in the top five－including three in last week's 3-3 draw at Arsenal after blowing a two-goal lead.
Although Chelsea and Manchester City were said to be interested in Van Dijk, Klopp has finally got his man on weekly wages of £180,000($240,000).
"Liverpool Football Club can confirm they have reached an agreement with Southampton for the transfer of Virgil van Dijk," a statement on the club's website said.
"The Reds have agreed a deal with the south coast club, and the player himself, that will see the 26-year-old defender move to Anfield when the transfer window re-opens on January 1, 2018."
The Van Dijk deal eclipses the previous highest amounts paid for defenders.
Manchester City paid around £50 million ($67 million) each for Benjamin Mendy and Kyle Walker in the summer transfer window.
While Van Dijk becomes the world's most expensive defender, Neymar still holds the title of the game's costliest player after joining Paris Saint-Germain from Barcelona for 222 million euros ($264 million) in August.
The £75 million ($100 million) Manchester United paid Everton for striker Romelu Lukaku remains, for now, the second most expensive transfer in Premier League history, behind only United's £90 million $120 million purchase of Paul Pogba.
"There is a dearth of top-class centerbacks throughout world football hence why so many clubs wanted (Van Dijk) and the transfer fee is so high," former Liverpool centerback Jamie Carragher told Sky Sports.
"People will look at the fee that normally strikers go for, but as with any transfer fee if he performs well and does his job it will be worth it."
That, according to Carragher, will require Van Dijk helping the 18-time English champion end a trophy drought that stretches back to the 2012 League Cup.
Van Dijk hoped to join Liverpool in August after handing in a transfer request but Southampton stood its ground and forced the Anfield club to apologize for its conduct in pursuing a deal.
Van Dijk, though, will become the sixth player to leave Saints for Liverpool in less than four years when the transfer is completed next week.
"I will always be indebted to the club for giving me the opportunity to play in the Premier League and despite a difficult last few months I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at Saints and have made friends for life at the club," said Van Dijk, who joined Southampton from Celtic in 2015 for a reported £13 million.
Liverpool had offered around £60 million for the defender in the offseason and former Manchester United star Gary Neville questioned whether is worth the extra investment.
"It is a lot of money and I'm not even sure he has been playing that well," Neville told Sky Sports. "Liverpool need defenders. They have to pay to get him and that's the way the market is."
Van Dijk is joining a team fighting on three fronts, although catching league leader City appears virtually impossible now.
The Reds face Everton in the FA Cup next week and resume their Champions League campaign in February with a last-16 meeting with Porto.
AP-AFP