 
The UEFA Nations League, Europe's newest international competition, is going all out to get Chinese fans and sponsors on board.
Together with Chinese partners like CCTV, Supersports and Shankai Sports, UEFA kicked off the tournament in Beijing on Tuesday - the first time the European governing body has launched a competition in an Asian country.
"China is always an important market for us. We want to see more fans, more business partners and broadcasters to join us," said UEFA marketing director Guy-Laurent Epstein.
"We will have some matches starting at 3 pm, so it will be very suitable for Chinese fans to watch them at night."
The Nations League is UEFA's attempt to shake up international soccer, essentially signaling the end of much-maligned friendly matches between European countries.
The 55 European nations have been arranged in four tiers based on their ranking, with each tier split into four leagues of three or four teams.
In League A, World Cup holder Germany is in Group 1 with France and the Netherlands.
Belgium, Switzerland and Iceland make up Group 2, European champion Portugal is in Group 3 with Italy and Poland, while Group 4 includes Spain, England and Croatia.
The sides in each group will play home and away between September and November of this year, with the team finishing top of each section being promoted to a higher tier and the nation finishing bottom dropping down one.
Four group winners in League A will qualify for the tournament finals to be held in June 2019.
In addition, places at the UEFA European Championship are up for grabs, with the group winners in each tier playing off against for one of the four vacant spots.
If a group winner has already reached the Euros through the traditional qualifying route, its spot will go to the next best-ranked team in its section.
"More than most, supporters realized that many friendlies fail to deliver competitive and meaningful football," said Epstein.
"Now they will have the opportunity to see their teams play in more competitive matches, take part in a new competition and get a second chance to qualify for the major tournaments.
"In every even year there is a World Cup or a European champion crowned; now in every odd year there will be a UEFA Nations League winner.
"Football is about competition and now, just like in club football, there will be a national team champion at the close of every season."