 "I don't think it's the worst draw possible. I think we are of a level where we can play against Real Madrid."
PSG came a cropper at the hands of Barcelona at the same stage last season, winning 4-0 at home in the first leg only to fall apart and lose 6-1 in the return at Camp Nou.
Emilio Butragueno, the former Real striker who is now a club director, regretted that one of the favorite would be eliminated so early in the competition.
"Luck has worked out this way and one of the two teams will be out at the last-16 stage, which we think is a bit soon, taking into account they are two of the contenders for the title," Butragueno told beIN Sports Spain.
PSG has strengthened following its Barcelona debacle by signing Brazilian superstar Neymar for a world-record 222 million euros ($261.5 million) from the Catalans and pipping Madrid to the signature of Monaco prodigy Kylian Mbappe.
"Every summer they have signed great players, they get stronger all the time and they have had a nearly impeccable group stage," Butragueno said.
The first leg will be on Wednesday, Feb 14, at Santiago Bernabeu, where Real beat Paris 1-0 in the group stage two years ago.
Familiar foe
Chelsea, the only Premier League club not to win its group, was drawn against a Barcelona side which has been a familiar foe in the competition down the years.
Their most recent meeting came in the 2012 semifinals when the Londoners went on to win the title. They will meet in the first leg at Stamford Bridge on Feb 20.
"They are a physically strong team that work very hard on the tactical side of the game and are well-organized," Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde said of Antonio Conte's men.
Pep Guardiola's Manchester City, the Premier League leader, was handed a favorable draw in the shape of Basel.
However, the Swiss champion has enjoyed some fine results against English sides in recent years, and beat Manchester United last month.
"We have to respect FC Basel and we have to be careful," said City director of soccer Txiki Begiristain.
Jose Mourinho's United drew Sevilla, while Liverpool and newly crowned African Player of the Year Mohamed Salah will take on Porto, but last season's runner-up Juventus was Tottenham's reward for topping its group ahead of Madrid.
"Wembley awaits us, one of the sacred temples of this sport," said Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri on Twitter, with the second leg in London on March 7.
"Spurs are young and talented but if we (play like) Juve, we will make it!"
The other Italian club to qualify was Roma, which topped Group C ahead of Chelsea and was handed a tie with Shakhtar Donetsk of Ukraine.
Meanwhile, five-time winner and current Bundesliga leader Bayern avoided some of the bigger names as it was paired with Besiktas.
The Turkish club won home and away against another German club in RB Leipzig in the group stage, so Bayern will not underestimate a side which is on its best run since reaching the European Cup quarterfinals in 1987.
"We know how strong they are after we followed their games against Leipzig," said Bayern sporting director Hasan Salihamdzic.
"It will be a difficult task, but we are looking forward to the unusual atmosphere in their stadium."
This season's final takes place in Kiev on May 26.
Agence France - presse