 "I want to thank the rest of the people who helped me reach this level."
Last season he won the Champions League once again - scoring twice in a 4-1 rout of Juventus in the final - and played a key role as Madrid won the Spanish league title for the first time since 2012.
His league tally of 25, however, was his lowest since joining the club in 2009.
Ronaldo is the all-time leading scorer in the history of the Champions League, with 115 goals.
"If he can score 10 times in training he will, that's what impresses me," Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said. "His ambition impresses me. I'm proud to be his coach."
He set another competition record on Wednesday, scoring in Real Madrid's 3-2 win over Borussia Dortmund to become the first player to find the net in all six group-stage matches.
It took his tally to nine so far, but in La Liga it has been a very different story during this campaign.
In August, he was banned for five games after shoving referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back following his red card during a 3-1 victory over Barcelona in the Spanish Super Cup.
He missed the return leg of the Spanish Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season.
Since then, he has managed a meager two goals in 10 games and Madrid is fourth - already eight points behind leader Barcelona after 14 matches.
Messi is already well clear with 13 league goals.
Meanwhile, veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon was fourth on France Football's list.
The 39-year-old Italian helped Juventus reach the Champions League final and win the Italian title for the sixth straight season.
Croatia midfielder Luka Modric and Spain defender Sergio Ramos - both Ronaldo's teammates - were fifth and sixth respectively.
Teenage star Kylian Mbappe finished seventh after helping Monaco win the French title and reach the Champions League semifinals. He joined Neymar at PSG this season in a deal worth $216 million - the second largest ever.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante, Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski and Tottenham striker Harry Kane completed the top 10.
PSG striker Edinson Cavani was surprisingly 11th despite scoring a career-high 49 goals in all competitions last term.
The last player to win the Ballon d'Or before either Messi or Ronaldo was Brazil midfielder Kaka - who starred for AC Milan when it won the Champions League in 2007.
Associated Press
 
 