MOSCOW - Germany will find out who stands between it and a successful defense of the World Cup as the draw for the 2018 finals in Russia is held in a glitzy ceremony at the Kremlin on Friday. 
After beating Lionel Messi's Argentina in the final in Rio to lift the World Cup in 2014, the aim for Joachim Loew's side is to become the first nation since Brazil in 1962 to retain the trophy. 
Having already won the Confederations Cup in Russia earlier this year with a patchwork squad, Germany is the leading favorite for glory in 2018 - a status Loew himself has said there is no avoiding. 
Then again, not everyone agrees. 
"I don't like how Germany plays. They have a structure and a well-organized system but they don't have the kind of stars that the other powers do," Argentina coach Jorge Sampaoli said this week. 
Certainly, the Germans can expect stiff competition from the Brazil of Neymar - revitalized after its nightmare 7-1 loss to the Germans on home soil - and Spain in particular. 

But the first step is discovering who they will meet in the group stage as the focus turns to the State Kremlin Palace, where the snow and freezing temperatures of a Russian winter will greet the soccer world for the draw ceremony. 
Excitement builds 
For all the talk of the controversial awarding of the tournament in the first place, of the friction between Vladimir Putin's Russia and the West, and of fears over hooliganism and potential terror attacks, the draw marks the moment when excitement really starts to build for the actual competition. 
Coaches, players and fans will get an idea of who their teams will face, as well as when and where in this enormous country which will see games staged at venues in 11 different cities, often thousands of kilometers apart, between June 14 and July 15. 
Germany, Brazil and Argentina are all in the first pot along with France, European champion Portugal, Belgium, Poland and the host. 
But if those nations are certain of avoiding each other, danger lurks in pot two, where the Spanish - rebuilt into a formidable force by Julen Lopetegui after poor showings in 2014 and at Euro 2016 - sit with England. 
"Whatever happens we will accept it gladly and sportingly. I don't waste energy thinking about who I prefer and who I don't," said Lopetegui. 
But Spain and England will be crossing their fingers in the hope of being paired with Poland or Russia. 
This will be the penultimate 32-nation tournament before FIFA's grand plan for 48 teams comes into effect for 2026. 
Adding to the drama, world soccer's governing body will keep apart sides from the same continent with the exception of Europe, which has 14 representatives to go into the eight groups. 
As a result, most of the sections will contain two European nations, raising the prospect of England or Spain squaring off against Germany or France in heavyweight contests right from the start. 
Alternatively, there is the possibility of Gareth Southgate's England being drawn with Iceland in a repeat of the Euro 2016 clash in Nice that ended in humiliation for Roy Hodgson - and worldwide admiration for the plucky Icelanders. 
"It will be difficult to repeat the ride of 2016 in France but we don't want to set any limits," said Iceland coach Heimir Hallgrimsson in an interview with Italy's Gazzetta dello Sport. 
Quarterfinalists at the Euros, Iceland joins Central American outsider Panama in making its World Cup debut in Russia. 
Also eagerly awaiting the draw will be Peru, in the finals for the first time since 1982, and Egypt, back after a 28-year absence. 
Those sides will add something new to a tournament that will be deprived of Italy for the first time since 1958, as well as 2014 semifinalist the Netherlands, and the United States. 
Agence France - presse 
 
 