 

 
Raheem Sterling (right) celebrates scoring Manchester City's winner against Huddersfield with teammate Kyle Walker. CARL RECINE / ACTION IMAGES VIA REUTERS

LONDON - Only a third of the way into its Premier League campaign, Manchester City is already making history. 
Pep Guardiola's City defeated Huddersfield Town 2-1 on Sunday for a club-record 11th straight league win. City also moved to 37 points from 13 games - the highest ever total at this stage of a Premier League season. 
 
 
After Huddersfield opened the scoring, Raheem Sterling won a penalty - which Sergio Aguero converted to equalize. 
England international Sterling then completed the comeback six minutes from time to restore City's eight-point lead over Manchester United atop the standings. 
Guardiola's side re-established an eight-point lead over second place Manchester United thanks to a gritty second-half fightback at John Smith's Stadium. 
Trailing to Nicolas Otamendi's first-half own goal, City was in danger of falling to its first loss of the season against a fired-up opponent roared on by a raucous crowd on a freezing afternoon in Yorkshire. 
It was exactly the kind of scenario cynics claimed Guardiola would struggle with when he arrived at City last summer, following glittering spells at Barcelona and Bayern Munich. 
But to Guardiola's delight, City responded to the threat in consummate style to kill off the tenacious Terriers. 
"The Premier League is so tough, now winter has come, we knew they were so aggressive, so strong, but we are so happy for the way we won," Guardiola said. 
"We spoke at halftime about being patient; we had enough chances to score and the first time Huddersfield had a chance they scored. We spoke about not giving up, to keep going." 
It was a milestone victory for City, which has won its last 18 games in all competitions and is unbeaten in its last 26 matches. 
For the first time in 22 years, it won away in the Premier League after trailing at halftime - securing a club-record 11th straight road win in all competitions. 
City is the firm favorite to win the title after Guardiola went without a trophy for the first time in his managerial career last season. 
The Spaniard is confident City is made of the right stuff to last the pace. 
"It is impossible to win every game easily, this league is so tough. The guys competed amazingly, which is why we won," he said. 
Sterling's 84th-minute strike was his second late winner of the campaign - he also scored in stoppage time at Bournemouth in August to secure a 2-1 victory. 
Sterling has previously faced criticism for failing to capitalize on his prodigious dribbling and pace, but he has been prolific this term. 
Sunday's goal was the 22-year-old's 12th in 18 games in all competitions. 
"He (Sterling) is still young, he's able to improve," Guardiola said. 
"We are going to be there to help him to become a better player. We are so satisfied with his performance." 
Agencies 