 
Neymar leaps in celebration after netting Paris Saint-Germain's second goal during its 7-1 Champions League annihilation of Celtic at Parc des Princes in Paris on Wednesday.Christian Hartmann / Reuters
 
PARIS - Paris Saint-Germain coach Unai Emery urged his team to stay focused on completing a perfect Champions League group campaign after an "extraordinary" Neymar led a record-breaking win over Celtic on Wednesday.
PSG slaughtered the Scottish side 7-1 at a Parc des Princes as Neymar tallied twice after Moussa Dembele opened the scoring for the Bhoys.
Edinson Cavani also netted a brace, while Kylian Mbappe, Marco Verratti and Dani Alves bagged the French club's other goals to take it to a group-stage record tally of 24 with one Group B match to play.
Wednesday's win, which maintained its 100 percent record in the group, was also PSG's biggest ever in the competition, seeing off the previous best performance, a 7-2 win against Rosenborg of Norway in October 2000 when 21-year-old Nicolas Anelka, who would later become a star at Arsenal, scored twice.
PSG's last-16 passage was assured before kickoff, and Bayern Munich's 2-1 win at Anderlecht means the Germans could yet snatch top spot from Paris when the sides meet next month.
But to do that Bayern would need to win in Bavaria by a bigger margin than its 3-0 loss in Paris in September, something that seems highly unlikely.
"The objective is to be first in the group and we are not there yet. We still have to play against Bayern and we have the advantage of the 3-0, but it will be a great match and a very difficult one," said Emery.
The Spanish coach played down any fears of an embarrassing result similar to its 6-1 last-16 loss in Barcelona last term, which came after Paris won the first leg 4-0.
"Bayern are capable of it. It will be a good test. They are among the sides who could win the Champions League," Emery said.
With Neymar back to form after a dip over the past six weeks, PSG can head to Monaco in a confident mood this weekend knowing a win will move it nine points clear of the reigning champion at the top of Ligue 1.
The contrast between those sides could hardly be greater given Monaco was dumped out of Europe on Tuesday, losing 4-1 at home to RB Leipzig.
"Sunday's game away at Monaco, whom we respect, will be a great test as well but Bayern is the big match," said Emery, who heaped praise on Neymar.
"He was extraordinary. There were a few matches where he stopped playing for different reasons, but when he is in form physically and his mentality is right, he can play."
Humbling defeat 
Neymar enjoys playing against Celtic and has now scored seven times against the Glaswegians, one of which came in Barcelona's 7-0 win last season.
That remains the Bhoys' biggest European loss, but this was yet another humbling defeat for Brendan Rodgers' side after it dropped its most lopsided home setback in continental competition, 5-0 to PSG two months ago.
In the midst of a British record unbeaten run of 64 games, Celtic's limits in Europe continue to be brutally exposed, although it should still take third place in the group ahead of Anderlecht.
"In a strange way there were lots of good moments for us," said Rodgers. "The lessons are that we can keep the ball a bit better, and secondly we've got to defend better, but we also have to admire the sheer quality of Paris Saint-Germain.
"It's a sore one, but I'm certainly not anywhere near as disappointed as I was against Barcelona, funnily enough," added the former Liverpool boss, whose team must try to bounce back in time for a League Cup final against Motherwell on Sunday.
"Your professional pride is hurt, because when you surrender seven goals you're not so happy, but it's dovetailed with admiration for a side who I'd be very surprised if they don't make the final."
Agence France - presse
 
 
 
 