 
Antoine Griezmann expertly executes an overhead kick to fire Atletico Madrid ahead in Wednesday's 2-0 Champions League victory over Roma at Wanda Metropolitano.Sergio Perez / Reuters
MADRID - Diego Simeone refused to be downhearted by Atletico Madrid's slim chances of making the Champions League last 16 after Antoine Griezmann returned to form with a stunning overhead kick and an assist for Kevin Gameiro to beat Roma 2-0 on Wednesday.
Twice finalist in the past four seasons, Simeone's side still requires a minor miracle in the final two games in Group C on Dec 5 to progress - needing to win at Chelsea and hope Roma drops points at home to bottom club Qarabag.
"There is still one game to go and until the 90 minutes are over, we can't think negatively," said Simeone.
"I always have confidence because I know my players and they will give their maximum until the situation leaves us with no chance."
Chelsea swept aside 10-man Qarabag 4-0 in Baku on Wednesday to secure its place in the knockout phase and leapfrog Roma at the top of the group.
However, having been held twice by Qarabag, Simeone believes the Azerbaijani champion can cause an upset in the Italian capital.
"You can't underestimate anyone," added Simeone.
"Football is marvelous. Sometimes the ball wants to go in and sometimes not.
"Today Chelsea attacked once in the first half and it was a penalty and a sending-off." Even if progress to the last 16 for a fifth consecutive season is beyond it, Atletico did end a five-match winless streak at its new Wanda Metropolitano stadium and guarantee at least a place in the Europa League with a well-deserved victory over the Rossonerri.
In a story of their season, Los Rojiblancos lacked inspiration in the final third before Griezmann ended his eight-game goal drought in spectacular fashion by acrobatically thrashing home Angel Correa's cross 21 minutes from time.
Griezmann had been jeered by some Atletico supporters when he was substituted in Saturday's 0-0 derby draw at home to Real Madrid.
However, he was backed throughout on Wednesday as his name was chanted before kickoff.
"I think the night started well with the support from the fans," added Simeone.
"We fed off that positive energy, we found ourselves again and we found an Antoine who is a special player, and got back to playing great."
Griezmann, who this week admitted a move to Manchester United was a "possibility" after being consistently linked with the Red Devils, turned provider in the 85th minute with a fine through-ball for Gameiro to round Roma goalkeeper Alisson and slot home. "We are all behind him because scoring goals like that, he makes us win games," said Gameiro. "I think he is a little relieved, like everyone else."
Roma boss Eusebio Di Francesco admitted Atletico deserved its victory, but was still pleased with Roma's favorable predicament heading into the final game.
"We would all have signed up for having to win our last game at home to Qarabag to go through," said Di Francesco.
"We have to assume that responsibility. Atletico's hopes are less than ours because they don't depend just on themselves."
Associated Press
 
 
 
 