NICOSIA, Cyprus - Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema both scored twice as holders Real Madrid crushed APOEL 6-0 on Tuesday to seal a place in the Champions League's last 16. 
 
Cristiano Ronaldo acrobatically nets Real Madrid's fifth goal in its 6-0 Champions League Group H victory over APOEL Nicosia at GSP Stadium in Nicosia, Cyprus, on Tuesday.Petros Karadjias / AP
Luka Modric volleyed Zinedine Zidane's team into the lead on 23 minutes before Real floored the Cypriot champion with five goals in a 15-minute blitz either side of halftime. 
Ronaldo and Benzema have been under fire in recent weeks for their lackluster La Liga form, but had no such problems in Cyprus. 
"It was a very good evening for us," said Zidane, whose side fell 10 points behind Barcelona in La Liga following Saturday's 0-0 draw at Atletico Madrid. 
"We're on the right track. We're doing things well and we're building in strength. It's never easy but it was a complete display. 
"These goals are important for us and very important for Cristiano and Karim because they live to score goals." 
The European champion could face Group F winners Manchester City in the next round after Tottenham Hotspur's 2-1 win at Borussia Dortmund ensured the London side will finish top of Group H. 
"Whoever the opposition, they will all be good," said Zidane. 
"We're going to play a team that will have finished top of their group, which means they will be very solid." 
Real struck first on Modric's 25-yard volley before Benzema burst through the home defense to add a second in the 39th minute. 
Centerback Nacho converted Raphael Varane's flick-on from a corner to increase Real's lead two minutes later. 
Benzema rolled in his second moments before the break after Ronaldo selflessly squared for the Frenchman. 
Ronaldo is favored to win a fifth Ballon d'Or award next month, matching the record held by Barcelona rival Lionel Messi, but the Portugal star has struggled domestically this term with just one goal in eight matches. 
However, he remains the leading scorer in this year's Champions League and netted Real's fifth in Cyprus when he converted a Marcelo cross in the 49th minute. 
The 32-year-old completed the rout five minutes later by notching his eighth goal of the group stage to downplay concerns about his poor form. 
APOEL, which faces Tottenham in London in its final match, must better Dortmund's result at Real in two weeks' time to parachute into the Europa League last 32. 
Agence France - presse 
 
 