 
BERLIN - Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane hailed his side's "massive" achievement of winning its Champions League group after coming from behind to win 2-1 at Borussia Dortmund in Germany. 
Spurs clinched top spot in Group H as goals by Kane and Son Heung-min sealed victory after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave the host a firsthalf lead. 
The result took already-qualified Tottenham to 13 points and consigned holder Real Madrid to second place in the group with a game left. 
"It's massive, an unbelievable night for us, for the fans, for the club to finish top of the group with one game to spare," Kane told BT Sport. 
"Everyone was down on us before the group. It's a tough place to come and win. Fantastic night." 
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino said Kane's goal four minutes into the second half kickstarted Spurs. 
"Harry's goal turned things around. It's a fantastic achievement to be top of the table as group winners - it's a big deal for us," said Pochettino. 
The Argentine said it was the perfect response to Saturday's 2-0 north London derby loss at Arsenal in the Premier League. 
Travelling Spurs fans chanted "Are you watching, Arsenal?" long before the final whistle in Dortmund. 
"When you lose a derby, you try to turn the feeling around, the fans showed they are happy and we are proud," said Pochettino. 
Finishing as group winners theoretically improves Spurs' chances of avoiding the big guns in the last 16, but Pochettino is only looking forward. 
"It's over for us now. I'm happy to be top of the table, but we have to keep looking forward," he said. 
"I'm proud of the team, they are doing a fantastic job and they need to be confident. 
"The second half was fantastic. I think the whole team was very good." 
Kane scored his first goal in 30 days and Pochettino praised the England striker. 
"He's a great striker and a great player. 
"With someone like Harry, if you give him some sort of situations, he will score. It is good for him to get the feelings of being able to score again." 
Agence France - presse 
 
 
 

(China Daily 11/23/2017 page24)