 AC Milan in 1992, Paris Saint-Germain in 1994, Spartak Moscow in 1995, Barcelona in 2002 and Real Madrid in 2011 and 2014. 
Guardiola fielded a side showing seven changes from Saturday's 2-0 win at Leicester and it took until the dying stages at Etihad Stadium for his charges to wear Feyenoord down. 
Sterling swapped passes with Ilkay Gundogan before speeding into the box and neatly lifting over goalkeeper Brad Jones, his former Liverpool teammate. 
Including its League Cup victory on penalties over Wolverhampton Wanderers, City has now won its past 17 games in all competitions. 
Guardiola used the occasion to hand a debut to 17-year-old midfielder Phil Foden, who starred for England Under-17s in their march to World Cup glory last month, and a first Champions League appearance to 18-year-old Spanish midfielder Brahim Diaz. 
"I want to say a big congratulations to the academy," said the City manager. 
"All the club has to be proud to have two young players of 17, 18 years old making their first appearances in the Champions League. 
"For the academy, all the guys who've been working for a long time, the scouting, to search for huge talents - I put them on the field, but the guys who have worked with them deserve credit. 
"Hopefully they keep growing. They are still young. We don't need to speed up the process of growing. 
"Today it's their first game in the Champions League. They'll keep training with us and keep playing. I'll put them on the pitch and we'll see in the future." 
The result means Feyenoord cannot rescue even the consolation prize of a berth in the Europa League. 
But after seeing his players almost succeed in shutting out the runaway Premier League leader, Feyenoord coach Giovanni van Bronckhorst could look on the bright side. 
"When you compare this to the first game, when we were pretty useless (losing 4-0), it shows how far we have come," he said. 
"Certainly we have met some challenging opponents. We have met the best teams in the UK, Italy and Ukraine. 
"Hopefully we can walk away from the Champions League with our heads high." 
Agence France-presse 
 
 
 

(China Daily 11/23/2017 page24)