 
 SEVILLE, Spain - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp defended his side's mental strength despite throwing away a three-goal lead against Sevilla in Spain on Tuesday. 
 A thrilling 3-3 draw leaves Liverpool still top of Champions League Group E, but means the English side still needs a point to book its place in the last 16 when it hosts Spartak Moscow in its final pool match on Dec 6. 
 And Klopp blamed the Reds' lack of Champions League experience in recent seasons for the way it folded after a Roberto Firmino double either side of Sadio Mane's header had them 3-0 up after 30 minutes. 
 "It is not perfect tonight but it is not a general problem," said the German. 
 "It just happened. In this atmosphere we need to get more and more experience. 
 "Could we have done better? Absolutely, but do I think it is a mentality problem? 100 percent not." 
 French striker Wissam Ben Yedder headed in Ever Banega's freekick and then slotted home from the penalty spot to reduce the arrears, before Guido Pizarro prodded home a stoppage-time equalizer to extend Sevilla's year-long unbeaten run at home at Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium. 
 "Hope AC Milan watched it," Ben Yedder posted on Twitter in reference to Liverpool's famous comeback from a 3-0 halftime deficit to win the 2005 Champions League final against the Italians. 
 "It was an incredible, memorable match," said Sevilla boss Eduardo Berizzo. 
 "We managed to transform all pessimism into optimism and appeal to the heart and soul of the team." 
 Klopp, meanwhile, was left to rue the latest in a series of defensive collapses that have dogged his two years in charge at Anfield, in particular this season. 
 "They are human beings," he said of his players' complacency after halftime. 
 "Maybe it was misjudgement in controlling the game. You cannot become passive in a game like this because the second half is too long. 
 "It is not the first time it has happened in football, it will not be the last time. 
 "We already did similar things at home using our crowd and atmosphere. 
 "Sevilla had to show character. If this is Anfield and we are 3-0 up it is different, but it was here and we let them come back in the game and that is our main mistake." 
 Both sides remain in control of their own destiny to reach the knockout stages, with a point also enough for Sevilla to progress when it travels to Maribor on matchday six. 
 "From tomorrow on we will know we have a point more," said Klopp. 
 "It feels like we've lost the game, we haven't, but just ask Sevilla because they feel like they've won the game and they didn't." 
 Sevilla will qualify no matter the result in Slovenia as long as Spartak doesn't win at Anfield. 
 Berizzo hopes his side's late equalizer prompts a backlash from Liverpool. 
 "Our draw conditions the game between Liverpool and Spartak," said the 48-year-old Argentine. 
 "Liverpool has not yet qualified and needs to go to win the game, but we have to try to win in Maribor no matter what is the outcome of the other match. 
 "The point and the performance today has to strengthen and stimulate us to show that playing like this is possible." 
 Agence France - presse 
 
(China Daily 11/23/2017 page24)


























