Second straight triumph over Jeju has CSL powerhouse in command
Guangzhou Evergrande continued its resurgence in the Asian Champions League on Wednesday with a 2-0 triump over Jeju United in South Korea, moving the two-time champion to within striking distance of the knockout phase.
Goals from Nemanja Gudelj and Alan Carvalho gave Fabio Cannavaro's side its second straight victory over the K-League club, giving it eight points from four games at the top of Group G.
"We have focused a lot on improving our concentration in away games," said the Italian coach.
"In the last game we conceded too soon due to a loss of focus, but this time you could see all of the players showed their desire to win.
"We can't sit back and relax just because we have won so many titles. We need more championships and in this match we were all determined and confident."
Brazilian winger Alan scored one goal and set up the other one - a cracker by the Serbian midfielder Gudelj - as the CSL champion made light work of its host.
Cannavaro did not enjoy the best start as coach of Evergrande after his side drew its first two games in Group G. But it beat Jeju 5-3 at home last week and was never in trouble in the return match.
Alan threw off four weak home challenges before setting up Gudelj to cash in from outside the box in the 27th minute.
Ten minutes later Alan, who has never been called up for the senior Brazil team, scooted in from close range to head Evergrande into a 2-0 lead.
The Chinese Super League side tops its group by three points ahead of Thailand's Buriram United and Cerezo Osaka, who played to a 2-2 draw in Japan with Kenyu Sugimoto scoring two minutes from time to salvage a point for the J-League club.
Jeju United is at the bottom of Group G with three points, with two matches remaining.
Dramatic win 
Meanwhile, Anthony Modeste and Alexandre Pato sniped late goals as big-spending Tianjin Quanjian beat Jeonbuk Motors 4-2 to breathe fresh life into its campaign.
Modeste, on loan from Cologne in Germany, fired home to give the ambitious CSL side the lead over the South Koreans and Brazilian forward Pato iced the victory deep into injury time.
With two rounds to play in the group stage of Asia's top club competition, Tianjin sits second in Group E, with the top two advancing to the last 16 knockout phase.
Jeonbuk still heads the group, even after its first loss in four matches, but its lead at the top has been trimmed to two points.
Tianjin boasts the likes of former AC Milan starlet Pato, Belgium international midfielder Axel Witsel and Frenchman Modeste, who was a regular scorer in the Bundesliga before moving to China last summer.
Modeste set up Wang Yongpo to give the home side the lead in the eighth minute, only for Kim Shin-wook to equalize for the visitor.
Zhang Cheng put Tianjin ahead again on 55 minutes, but Adriano replied 12 minutes later.
An entertaining clash looked destined to end in stalemate before Modeste popped up in the 84th minute to score, then Pato made it 4-2, with Modeste again the set-up man in stoppage time.
Kitchee sprung the surprise of the round with a last-gasp 1-0 win over Japan's Kashiwa Reysol, with Cheng Chin-lung scoring two minutes into stoppage time to earn the Hong Kong side its first-ever victory in the Asian Champions League.
In other action, Spanish World Cup winner Xavi Hernandez was on target for Al Sadd as the Qatari side secured a 4-0 win over Uzbekistan's Nasaf Qarshi to remain atop Group C.
Al Sadd leads on goal difference over Iran's Persepolis after last year's semifinalist moved to nine points with a narrow triumph over Al Wasl. That result ensured that the club from the United Arab Emirates cannot finish in the top two positions of its group standings.
Moamen Zakaria earned Al Ahli a point as its meeting with Qatar's Al Gharafa ended in a 1-1 draw, while the other Group A game between Tractorsazi of Iran and Al Jazira of UAE finished with the same scoreline.
Al Ahli leads the group, three points ahead Al Jazira, Al Gharafa who are tied at five. Tractorsazi occupies last place with just two points from four games.
Agencies