PRAIA GRANDE, Brazil - Neymar's father and the head of Paris Saint-Germain have both poured cold water over rumors that the world's most expensive soccer player wants to quit the French club after returning from injury.
"Neymar already has a future at PSG, Neymar already has a present at PSG," Neymar Santos Sr told journalists on Tuesday at his son's charity center, the Neymar Junior Institute, in Sao Paulo state.
With the $264 million striker out for weeks while he recuperates from foot surgery, reports have emerged in the European media that Neymar is disenchanted with PSG and wants to return to his old club Barcelona - or even move to archrival Real Madrid.
Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde called the possibility of Neymar's return to his club "a fantasy" after reports published in Spain on Friday said the Brazilian has asked to return Camp Nou, while also linking him to a $330 million move to Real Madrid.
Mundo Deportivo cited unnamed sources as saying that Neymar has sent Barcelona messages about the possibility of a return.
Without the injured Neymar, PSG went crashing out of the Champions League to Real Madrid in the last 16 this month.
PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi, his sports director Antero Henrique and club spokesman Jean-Martial Ribes visited the 26-year-old at his luxury house near Brazil's coast on Monday and his charity institute on Tuesday.
However the meeting, which Neymar Sr recorded with photos on his Instagram feed, couldn't help looking a bit like a crisis summit.
Emerging in front of reporters at the institute, both sides seemed keen to quash the speculation.
Neymar "is happy, highly motivated and excited to come back as soon as possible," Al-Khelaifi said.
However, journalists were told they could not ask about the Barcelona and Real Madrid rumors.
Neymar fractured a bone in his right foot on Feb 25 and faces a lengthy layoff and rehab following surgery two weeks ago.
Brazilian team doctor Rodrigo Lasmar has said that Neymar - transferred to PSG from Barcelona after the French club paid his world-record buyout clause last August - will need at least two and a half months, maybe three, to return to action.
PSG still hopes to get him back before the end of its season.
"He is doing his best to come back as soon as possible, without any risk for sure," Al-Khelaifi said.
"But the doctors are going to say. I'm not in a position to say exactly when he will come back. The doctors are following and it depends on recovery, but I think he's in good shape," the club president said.
Brazil's national team is hoping Neymar will be healthy and back to full fitness in time to help lead it at the World Cup, which opens in Russia on June 14.
Agence France-presse