MADRID - Hat-trick hero Isco said it was a relief to play for Spain as he feels Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane has no faith in him.
Spain destroyed Argentina, which was without Lionel Messi, 6-1 in a friendly on Tuesday as Isco stole the show with his triple at Wanda Metropolitano Stadium.
The 25-year-old has become a key player under coach Julen Lopetegui and is expected to start at this summer's World Cup in a front three alongside Diego Costa and David Silva.
But Zidane has not shown the same faith in him at Real Madrid, where Isco has often found himself on the bench behind the likes of Marco Asensio and Lucas Vazquez. "Lopetegui gives me confidence with minutes, with games," Isco said.
"With Madrid I do not have the confidence that a player needs, maybe the problem is me, that I have not won Zidane's confidence with the good players there."
Isco signed a five-year contract with Real in September last year but there would be no shortage of suitors should he decide his future lies elsewhere, with English Premier League pair Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur are rumored to be interested in the former Valencia and Malaga playmaker.
"When you don't play a leading role or have continuity in your club team, the games with the national team give me life," Isco said.
"I have the confidence of the coach here (with Spain), I still have a lot of enthusiasm to work, to improve, to be a starter for my club and in the national team.
"I feel that I'm at the beginning and I want to show that I am a good player."
Isco left the stadium with the match ball under his arm, but it was a good night too for Diego Costa, who put his hand up to be Spain's lead striker in Russia by netting the opener.
All-action target man Costa had been left out by Lopetegui while inactive during his departure from Chelsea to Atletico Madrid but he would appear now to be in pole position to start up front, ahead of Valencia's Rodrigo Moreno, Celta Vigo's Iago Aspas and Chelsea's Alvaro Morata.
"During the nine months I went without being called up by Spain I felt bad," Brazilborn Costa said. "I went six months without playing as you all know, but I knew that if I started playing again I would have a chance of returning, and I'm happy to be here."
Costa had to be taken off after colliding with goalkeeper Sergio Romero for his goal but the striker indicated he would be fit to face Deportivo La Coruna this weekend.
"I think I will be fit to play Sunday," Costa said. "I took a knock, I'll put ice on it and that's all.
Agence France - presse
 
 