MANCHESTER - Frustrated and feeling increasingly uneasy, Manchester United fans unleashed a loud cry of "Attack!" with their team's Champions League fate hanging in the balance against Sevilla on Tuesday.
But it was the Spanish side that answered the call.
Within eight minutes, Sevilla scored twice and was heading into the quarterfinals of Europe's top competition for the first time in 60 years.
In the biggest surprise of the last 16, Sevilla eliminated United by winning the second leg 2-1 at Old Trafford, thanks to two goals in the space of four minutes by substitute Wissam Ben Yedder.
United manager Jose Mourinho said European disappointment is nothing new for the English giant, as United fell to its first European home loss since Alex Ferguson's Champions League farewell in 2013.
Ben Yedder sent Sevilla into the quarterfinals for the first time since 1958.
Mourinho was on the winning side that night as Real Madrid manager and also sent United out of the last 16 when Porto boss in 2004.
"I've sat in this chair twice before with Porto and Real Madrid, so I don't think it's anything new for the club," said Mourinho, who bristled at questions over his tactical approach.
"I don't want to make a drama of it. We have no time to be sad for more than 24 hours, that's football. It's not the end of the world."
The visitor was a deserving winner as it controlled the game throughout, but had to wait for Ben Yedder's introduction as a substitute 18 minutes from time to add a clinical finish by taking his Champions League tally for the season to eight goals in seven appearances.
Ben Yedder put Sevilla in front two minutes after taking the pitch when he blasted into the bottom corner before heading in a second shortly after.
Romelu Lukaku reduced United's arrears, but it was too little, too late with Mourinho's decision to once again drop Paul Pogba certain to be scrutinized.
"In the first half we played a good game apart from the last 30 meters," said Sevilla coach Vincenzo Montella.
"In the second half we were more clinical with Ben Yedder, who made the difference today."
Mourinho sprang a surprise before kickoff by recalling Marouane Fellaini at the expense of Pogba, who had also been dropped for the first game.
Sevilla dominated the vast majority of the first leg only to be denied by some stunning saves by David de Gea.
However, it was wayward finishing rather than the Spanish goalkeeper that prevented the visitor making the most of its ascendency throughout the match.
Indeed, of Sevilla's 10 efforts on goal in the first period only one weak Muriel effort forced de Gea into making a save.
Mourinho's gamble on Fellaini appeared to have largely backfired as he failed to impose his physical presence on Sevilla's players in midfield.
Yet, the Belgian nearly made the breakthrough with United's best move of the opening period when he latched onto Alexis Sanchez's layoff and his powerful effort was turned behind by Sergio Rico.
The second half began in the same vein as the first, with Sevilla having the momentum, and only a brilliant lastditch tackle by Eric Bailly denied Correa a clear sight of goal.
Pogba, who cost United a then-world record $116 million in 2016, was eventually introduced just after the hour mark, with Fellaini sacrificed.
However, not even the mercurial Frenchman could fire up United, and the host was eventually made to pay.
Ben Yedder had only been on the pitch for two minutes after replacing Muriel when he broke the deadlock in the tie with a brilliant finish low into de Gea's bottom lefthand corner.
"Manchester United have experience in the Champions League, it was a special game for us," said Ben Yedder.
"But I believed in myself, believed in the team and we showed everyone we are a great team."
Lukaku finally got United on the board six minutes from time when he swept home Marcus Rashford's bullet from the corner.
But it was to little avail as United has now failed to reach the quarterfinals for four straight years.
AP / AFP