 
Barcelona's Leo Messi in action between Real Betis' players at Benito de Villamarin stadium, Seville, April 30, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

MADRID - Leo Messi scored four goals as FC Barcelona continued their 100 percent record at the start of the season as they made it five wins from five in the Liga Santander thanks with a 6-1 win over Eibar on Tuesday.
The game kicked off with several changes in the Barca side with Denis Suarez, Javier Mascherano, Paulinho, Nelson Semedo and Gerard Deulofeu all brought into the side, while Luis Suarez, Samuel Untiti and Ivan Rakitic were rested.
Barca found it hard to get into the game as Eibar pressed them deep in their own half and the visitors had two good chances to take the lead in the first 10 minutes only for Ter Stegen to make two vital saves.
The home side took the lead with their first shot of the game, which came from the penalty spot after Galvez was adjudged to have pushed Semedo in the Eibar area.
Paulinho then scored his second goal for his new club with a powerful header in the 38th minute.
Denis Suarez also netted his second goal in two games when he put Barca 3-0 ahead eight minutes after the break and although Sergi Enrich pulled Eibar back into the game in the 57th minute, that was the cue for Messi to take center stage again.
He netted his second of the night with a perfectly placed shot in the 59th minute and finished his hat-trick when he used his pace to hold off the defense and flick the ball home in the 63rd minute.
Ruben Pena hit the post for Eibar in the 86th minute, but that only served to pique Messi, who went down the other end and scored his fourth goal of the night and his ninth league goal of the season.
The day kicked off with Simone Zaza scoring an eight minute hat-trick as Valencia crushed Malaga 5-0 in the Mestalla Stadium. Santi Mina and Rodrigo Moreno scored the other goals which leave Malaga with five defeats and just one goal at the start of the campaign and with coach Michel Gonzalez in danger of losing his job.
 
 
 
 