 
PARIS - Paris Saint-Germain has agreed a deal to sign teenage sensation Kylian Mbappe from Monaco, French media reported on Sunday. 
Radio stations France Info and RMC reported that PSG had agreed to pay $215 million including bonuses for the France international striker. 
That would make him the second most expensive transfer in soccer history behind Neymar, who joined PSG from Barcelona for $264 million earlier this month. 
Despite the reports, Mbappe - who had also been wanted by Real Madrid - was named on the Monaco bench for Sunday night's Ligue 1 meeting with Marseille. 
However, he played no part in the principality side's 6-1 win and refused to speak to the touchline reporter from French television station Canal Plus as he made his way off the field at the end of the match. 
 
 

According to sports daily L'Equipe, Paris will initially sign Mbappe, 18, on loan before making the move permanent. 
"Monaco and PSG on Sunday reached an agreement for a loan deal for Kylian Mbappe to the Parisian club with an option to buy for 180 million euros," said L'Equipe, adding that Mbappe would undergo a medical by Monday morning. 
Mbappe will fly to Paris on Monday as he joins up with the France squad ahead of Thursday's World Cup qualifier against the Netherlands at Stade de France, PSG's home in Paris. 
But with France coach Didier Deschamps having insisted when he named his squad last week that Mbappe would not be allowed to leave training camp to complete a transfer, the deal will need to be pushed through on Monday. 
"He knows full well my position. The players who arrive on Monday will stay and will be with us for the two matches," said Deschamps. 
The France squad will get together at Clairefontaine, around 50km south of Paris, to prepare for the game against the Netherlands and this Sunday's meeting with Luxembourg. 
A loan deal would help PSG get around UEFA's Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules, with many wondering how the Qatar-owned club can avoid sanctions from European soccer's governing body considering the investment already made on Neymar. 
FFP rules stipulate that clubs cannot post losses of more $35 million over the three-year period to 2018. 
Among several sanctions risked by PSG if it is found to have violated those rules is a ban from the Champions League. 
Mbappe burst onto the scene in the second half of last season and scored 15 goals in 29 appearances in Monaco's run to the French title. 
Agence France-presse 
 
(China Daily 08/29/2017 page24)