 
LONDON - Antonio Conte said on Sunday he will remain committed to Chelsea even if he doesn't get the new signings he wants before the transfer window shuts on Thursday. 
Conte hasn't been shy about expressing his frustration at Chelsea's failure to land his top targets and reports suggested the Blues boss might resign if the deadline passed without new recruits joining. 
While Chelsea has spent $168 million on Alvaro Morata, Tiemoue Bakayoko and Antonio Rudiger since the end of last season, Conte has told Blues owner Roman Abramovich he needs a stronger squad to defend its Premier League title and compete in the Champions League. 
Linked with Leicester midfielder Danny Drinkwater, Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Swansea striker Fernando Llorente, Conte reiterated his wish for fresh faces after Sunday's 2-0 win over Everton. 
But the Italian made it clear he has no intention of walking out. 
"I think my message for the fans is always the same. I'm totally committed to the club, to improve my players and my team," he said. 
"I'm a coach, not a manager, the best of my work is on the pitch. Then for sure when you want to strengthen your squad you have to give your opinion to the club. 
"They go to the market to try to help us. Sometimes it's possible, sometimes it's not." 
Goals from Cesc Fabregas and Morata secured a drama-free victory against lackluster Everton and Conte's thoughts quickly turned to the transfer situation when he faced the media at Stamford Bridge. 
"There are four days to go in the transfer market. Don't forget when we start next month we have to play seven games," he said. 
"I need to rotate my players. It's very difficult to play seven games in a month with the same players. 
"The players know very well our situation. They are working very hard." 
Although Morata scored his second Chelsea goal since his move from Real Madrid, the Spain striker was an isolated figure for long periods against Everton, and Conte conceded he is still a work in progress. 
"It's not easy for a striker to arrive and adapt immediately to our style. He needs to stay in position as a point of reference for us. I'm pleased he got another goal," Conte said. 
Like Conte, Everton boss Ronald Koeman is hoping for new signings before the deadline, but he wouldn't be drawn on talk of a move for exiled Chelsea striker Diego Costa. 
"We need at least two more players. The most important thing is to get a striker in," he said. "I don't know (about Costa). We are looking at players who are maybe available." 
Koeman also revealed winger Kevin Mirallas was dropped from the lineup for showing a bad attitude. 
"Everybody can be disappointed, but I expect from everybody to be part of the team and if somebody is showing that he is disappointed and his attitude is not the same, then I make decisions," Koeman said. 
Agence France-presse 
 
 
 
 
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte gives instructions to new signing Tiemoue Bakayoko during Sunday's 2-0 win over Everton.Ap

(China Daily 08/29/2017 page24)