 "Last season I said that after 30 games. Now we have played three games. 
"Given our first two games, our performances were quite good, but today the performance was not acceptable at that level." 
Wenger was more forthcoming in a television interview. 
"We were beaten everywhere physically," he said. "We made it easier for them and the mistakes gave them a cushion. 
"It was shocking, but our performance was absolutely disastrous. Not to become too emotional, but we have to take some distance. 
"There are some reasons behind it and the players now go on their international break, but we do have to take the consequences of our performance today." 
All summer, transfer rumors have swirled around Sanchez and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, who last week turned down a new contract. 
Both players were withdrawn on the hour mark after ineffectual displays, with the latter applauded by the home fans as he trudged off - seemingly in the hope that he might choose Liverpool over rival suitor Chelsea before the transfer window shuts on Thursday. 
Boos back 
The manner of the loss can't have filled either with much confidence that they should stick with the Gunners, and it again put Wenger's long-term future in the spotlight. 
However, he ducked questions about the away fans' now familiar chants for him to go. 
"I don't want to answer that. It's part of the crowd's feeling," Wenger said. 
"If some people feel as if I am the problem, then I am sorry that I am the problem. 
"But we want the fans to be with us even when we lose like that. All we can do is come back and give them a different level of performance." 
Reds boss Jurgen Klopp was delighted with his team's free-flowing display as goals from Roberto Firmino, Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Daniel Sturridge did the damage. 
The German was especially happy that his gamble to replace first-choice goalkeeper Simon Mignolet with Loris Karius paid off. 
"We want three really strong goalkeepers," Klopp said. "And that's our situation now. 
"I told Si yesterday and he didn't give me a hug and say, 'Thanks boss, that's what I thought we should do!' But I wanted to give him a rest and have Loris in the game. 
"If nothing else, I can say 100 percent, our next game against Manchester City, Simon starts." 
Agence France-presse 
 
 
 
 
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah (left) and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez battle for the ball during their English Premier League match at Anfield, Liverpool, on Sunday. Salah starred and got on the scoresheet in a 4-0 win for the host.Peter Byrn / Associated Press

(China Daily 08/29/2017 page24)