 
 MADRID - Lionel Messi scored twice and had a penalty saved as Barcelona maintained its perfect start to the season in La Liga with a 2-0 win at Alaves on Saturday. 
 Without new signing Ousmane Dembele, who completed the world's second most expensive transfer by moving for $125 million from Borussia Dortmund last Friday, or the injured Luis Suarez, Messi ensured Barca didn't lose any early ground in the title race despite a tumultuous start to the campaign off the field. 
 The five-time World Player of the Year missed from the spot for the 20th time in his career as Fernando Pacheco produced a stunning save midway through the first half. 
 However, Messi wasn't to be denied as his deflected effort opened the scoring shortly after halftime before a sweetly struck volley secured all three points. 
 "We're happy because we have overcome a difficult test," said Barca coach Ernesto Valverde. 
 "We've overcome difficult moments, we have six points and we can now move forward." 
 Barca's pre-season preparations were rocked by the loss of Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain for a world-record $262 million. 
 Dembele has been bought to replace the Brazilian, but Barca's business may not be finished with a final push for Liverpool's Brazilian playmaker Philippe Coutinho expected before the transfer window closes on Friday. 
 "We hope that by the 31st (of August) we have an even more competitive team, that is clear," added Valverde. 
 "We want an even better team and if there is a possibility we are open to it." 
 Alaves shocked Barca a year ago by winning at Camp Nou, and the host was left to rue a big missed chance by Ruben Sobrino at 0-0 before succumbing to Messi's magic. 
 The Argentine superstar almost had a hat-trick but saw another effort from the edge of the box hit the bar. 
 Elsewhere, Koke scored a sensational double as Atletico Madrid made light of Antoine Griezmann's absence through suspension to register its first win of the campaign with a 5-1 rout of Las Palmas. 
 Angel Correa and Yannick Carrasco got the visitor off to the perfect start in the Canary Islands inside five minutes. 
 Jonathan Calleri briefly gave Las Palmas hope with a towering header after the break, but Atletico instantly replied when Koke curled into the top corner from 25 yards. 
 The Spain international then netted with an acrobatic overhead kick from close range before Thomas Partey's drive rounded off the scoring. 
 Agence France-Presse 
 
(China Daily 08/28/2017 page23)


















