 "Be strict." 
"They are just playful kids, therefore I must be strict with them during training and games," Ehat said. 
When taking his teams to competitions across the country, he has no time for sightseeing and always insists on an early curfew in the dorm. 
Under his strict guidance, hundreds of youths have gone on to play in various leagues across Xinjiang while Ehat remains in Tacheng, where his services remain strongly in demand. 
"We invited Ehat to be an adviser for our club. His experience is priceless to us," said the captain of the Tarbagatay Multi-Ethnic Unity youth team. 
Movie star  
At just six years, Ehat's own playing career was short but sweet. 
It kicked off in 1970 when the Xinjiang sport authority selected players to build a regional team and Ehat rode a bicycle for 27 kilometers to take part in the tryouts. 
After making the squad, he went on to play in several national competitions around the country. 
"Thanks to soccer, I have traveled all over China," Ehat said. 
"Back then, transportation was poor. It took us a whole week to travel from Xinjiang to south China's Guangdong province." 
And even when injury dealt his career a cruel blow, Ehat continued playing - on the silver screen. 
In 1980 he was back between the posts, playing a goalkeeper for fictional European side Gold Lion in Come On, Soccer, China's first feature-length movie about the sport. 
Despite the poor infrastructure and facilities, Ehat still misses his "good old days" as a player. 
"At that time we were all covered in dirt after training," he fondly recalled. 
The dirt pitch on which they used to play has long since been transformed to a lush green surface, but what must be passed on "is the spirit of hard work," he stressed. And that never ends for Xinjiang's dedicated soccer guru. Next, he is planning to build a new youth team in Tacheng, which he wants to manage for at least a year to lay a solid foundation for the young players. 
Then Ehat intends to pass the baton on to someone else as the cycle of education continues. 
Xinhua 
 
 
 

(China Daily 07/27/2017 page23)