Beijing Guo'an's new signings Wei Shihao and Cedric Bakambu were both on target in a 2-1 win at Jiangsu Suning as the capital club claimed its first win of the Chinese Super League season on Sunday.
Guo'an bounced back from an opening-day loss to Shandong Luneng with new arrivals Wei, Bakambu and Jonathan Viera instrumental in the win for Roger Schmidt's side.
"We adjusted our lineup and we benefitted from these changes," said Schmidt.
"We controlled the match at both ends. We need to take each game one by one, but for now everything shows that we are on the right track."
China international Wei, signed from Portuguese club Leixoes after spending last season on loan with Shanghai SIPG, put his side in front after 22 minutes with a searing long-range drive that found the bottom corner.
Just past the hour mark Bakambu doubled the lead, although the former Villarreal striker had to wait until the goal was confirmed by the video assistant referee.
Ji Xiang's viciously whipped freekick reduced the arrears for Jiangsu but Beijing held on for the points.
Vitor Pereira's SIPG leads the standings after Hulk and Lu Wenjun earned a 2-0 win over city rivals Shanghai Shenhua.
SIPG has won five games and drawn one in all competitions this year and last year's CSL runner-up plays South Korea's Ulsan Hyundai in the Asian Champions League on Tuesday.
"You can't handle a tight schedule where you play one game every three days," said Pereira. "So for our next Asian Champions League we will adjust our lineup.
"Tonight we used the same lineup as we did in the ACL and we are now on the right track. We were quite clever today and we converted our two chances into goals. Our performance deserved a win."
Shandong Luneng also continued its winning start to the campaign as Diego Tardelli and Graziano Pelle were on target to secure a 2-0 victory over Chongqing Lifan.
Hebei China Fortune's Ezequiel Lavezzi struck twice, including the winner deep into added time, as Manuel Pellegrini's side handed Guizhou Hengfeng a 3-2 defeat, while Henan Jianye's Orlando Sa secured a 1-0 victory over Tianjin Teda.
Guangzhou R&F's Eran Zahavi took his tally to four goals in two games as the Israeli's side beat newly promoted Dalian Yifang 2-0.
Dalian's high-profile signings Yannick Carrasco and Nicolas Gaitan are still looking for their team's first points of the season.
Defending champion Guangzhou Evergrande recovered from its opening loss to R&F to thrash Changchun Yatai 5-0 thanks to a brace apiece from Ricardo Goulart and Alan Carvalho while Tianjin Quanjian lost 2-1 at home to Beijing Renhe.
Reuters