Uruguay vowed to strengthen soccer cooperation with China, as soccer is one of Uruguay's most precious assets, Uruguayan ambassador Fernando Lugris said Tuesday.
The pledge was made during a press conference held at the Uruguayan embassy after Uruguay won this year's China Cup in Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, a day ago.
Noting that China and Uruguay are good friends and partners, Lugris said cooperation in sports has witnessed great progress, especially since the establishment of a strategic partnership in October 2016.
"To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the establishment of bilateral diplomatic ties, we could further promote exchanges and cooperation on soccer this year," the ambassador said.
More than 100 of Uruguay's soccer players are training in Changsha and Yueyang, cities in Central China's Hunan province.
"Uruguay hopes to further exchange soccer players and coaches with China and even build a soccer school in China," Lugris said.
Uruguay is a traditional soccer power. Uruguay won the Olympic championships in 1924 and 1928, and also claimed the championship at the first World Cup in 1930 as the host country.
At the 2010 World Cup held in South Africa, Uruguay claimed the fourth place.
Referring to experience in soccer training, Poblo Hernandez, a representative of Uruguay's General Administration of Sport, said that it's the enthusiasm for soccer around the country that help account for Uruguay's success in the game.
"Almost every weekend Uruguay's children can take part in a soccer game," Hernandez said. "We have the social environment to promote soccer and it's a long journey to achieve that."
Uruguay is the only team in Nanning this week that will play in Russia this summer.
"Before the World Cup, we didn't have much time to prepare," said Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez. "So, every game before the World Cup is important."
The host country Uruguay, also a champion of the first World Cup, will jointly bid with Argentina and Paraguay to host the 2030 World Cup.