MADRID - Antoine Griezmann is keeping alive Atletico Madrid's hopes of a Spanish league title challenge.
The France forward scored an impressive goal and set up the other two in Sunday's comfortable 3-0 win over Celta Vigo to keep pace with leader Barcelona.
Vitolo and Angel Correa also scored for Atletico at Wanda Metropolitano Stadium.
"As long as there are points left to play for, we will go all out for them," Vitolo said.
"Barca has a good advantage, but anything can happen. It was very important to get these three points, we played well and deserved to win."
Second-place Atletico's 10th victory in 11 matches in all competitions kept it eight points behind Barca with 10 matches left. The Catalan club beat last-place Malaga 2-0 on Saturday despite playing without Lionel Messi because of the birth of his third son, Ciro.
Atletico's only recent setback was a 1-0 loss at Barcelona earlier this month.
"There is still a lot of league left," Atletico coach Diego Simeone said.
"We are focusing on each match. I want to reach the final five rounds with chances. Then we will see what happens."
Griezmann has been decisive for Atletico. He scored his eighth goal in five matches when he beat two Celta players by twice faking a shot before unleashing a strike into the top corner to open the scoring.
Griezmann, who has been repeatedly linked with moves to Barcelona and Manchester United, then set up Vitolo's goal with a well-placed through-ball inside the area in the 56th minute.
The 26-year-old also started the play that led to Correa's final goal a few minutes later.
"The reality is that today Griezmann is with us and he has been playing fantastically," Simeone said. "Tomorrow is another day."
Diego Costa limped off with 10 minutes remaining after having his ankle stepped on by Celta's Sergi Gomez.
"Costa was feeling uncomfortable after the knock he received but the doctor will be able to inform everyone better than me," said Simeone.
"The scoreline makes it look like it was easy, but we had to put in a huge effort and play very well to win today."
Atletico is second in the standings with 64 points after 28 games while leader Barcelona has 72 after winning 2-0 at Malaga on Saturday.
Third-place Real Madrid remained in third place with 57 points by beating Eibar 2-1 on Saturday, thanks to a Cristiano Ronaldo brace.
Fourth-place Valencia remains a point behind Madrid after winning 2-0 at Sevilla, with two goals by striker Rodrigo.
Sevilla is fifth, 11 points behind Valencia in the fight for a Champions League berth.
Sevilla visits Manchester United in the Champions League on Tuesday for the second leg of its last-16 tie, with the score locked at 0-0.
Meanwhile, Barcelona has agreed to an option to buy Brazilian midfielder Arthur from Gremio in the summer.
The 21-year-old will cost around $37 million, plus $12 million in additional fees if the deal is completed in July.
Agencies
 