
Elkeson celebrates scoring for Shanghai SIPG during its Asian Champions League last-16, second-leg match against Jiangsu Suning in Nanjing on Wednesday. SIPG won 3-2 to advance to the quarterfinals 5-3 on aggregate. Provided To China Daily
SHANGHAI - Brazilian striker Elkeson scored once and forced an own goal as Shanghai SIPG downed Chinese rival Jiangsu Suning 3-2 on Wednesday to reach the AFC Champions League quarterfinals. 
Elkeson profited from some kamikaze first-half defending by Hong Jeong-ho, who gifted him the opening goal, and Yang Xiaotian, who diverted a shot into his own net. 
Hong and Wu Xi scored late headers to stir faint hopes for Jiangsu, before Hulk rolled in his fifth goal of the campaign to leave the score at 5-3 on aggregate. 
Andre Villas-Boas' SIPG, which won last week's first leg 2-1, is into the last eight for the second straight year after dominating a tie between two of Asia's priciest teams. 
Elsewhere, Ryota Moriwaki scored in extra time as Japan's Urawa Red Diamonds pulled off a stunning comeback by beating 10-man Jeju United 3-0 to book a quarterfinal spot. 
In Nanjing, Jiangsu's Alex Teixeira was everywhere early on, and in the sixth minute a rebound from the Brazilian's corner fell to Wu, who volleyed straight at SIPG goalkeeper Yan Junling. 
Another Teixeira corner found central defender Hong, who first saw his header saved on the line and then hit the post as the ball came back to him. 
The unlucky moment was perhaps a bad omen for the South Korean, who was at fault for the opening goal when he failed to deal with a through-ball to Elkeson in the 34th minute. 
As Hong checked his run, expecting Jiangsu goalkeeper Zhang Sipeng to gather, Elkeson rushed in and prodded home to make it 1-0 on the night and 3-1 on aggregate. 
Nine minutes later, Jiangsu took another hit when Elkeson's shot was blocked by the backpedalling Yang, who cannoned it straight into the net. 
It was almost a lost cause for Jiangsu, but it attacked relentlessly in the second half with former Chelsea midfielder Ramires and Teixeira both coming close. 
Substitute Ge Wei hit the post with a header and had another saved on the line before Hong redeemed himself by scoring with his head on 75 minutes. 
Wu's looping header in the third added minute made it 3-4 on aggregate, but just a minute later, Hulk's strong run and finish put the result beyond doubt. 
Earlier in Saitama, Jeju looked comfortable after last week's 2-0 win, but Urawa had other ideas and Shinzo Koroki's headed goal in the 18th minute brought the tie to life. 
Tadanari equalized at 2-2 on aggregate 15 minutes later, and as extra time loomed, Jeju's hopes were dealt a blow when Cho Yong-Hyung was sent off for a second yellow card. 
Just six minutes before penalties, Moriwaki got on the end of Tokiyushi Takagi's cross to smash home the winner for a 3-2 aggregate victory. 
 
 
Agence France - Presse 
 
