 
 Manager Ancelotti ecstatic after Bavarians bag fifth straight title 
 BERLIN - Bayern Munich boss Carlo Ancelotti hailed his side's "fantastic" fifth straight Bundesliga title after a 6-0 rout at Wolfsburg clinched the trophy with three matches to spare. 
 Saturday's triumph at Volkswagen Arena sent Bayern 10 points clear of second-place RB Leipzig, which earlier drew 0-0 at home to Ingolstadt. 
 Robert Lewandowski (two), David Alaba, Thomas Mueller, Joshua Kimmich and Arjen Robben all netted for Bayern against its relegation-threatened opponent, which had ex-Munich man Luiz Gustavo sent off in the 78th minute. 
 "This Bundesliga season was a fantastic experience," said Ancelotti, who is in his first season in German soccer. 
 It was the 19th trophy of the 57-year-old's managerial career as he delivered Bayern its 27th league crown. 
 The Italian is now the first coach to claim titles in four of Europe's five 'big' leagues after winning Serie A with AC Milan, the Premier League with Chelsea, and Ligue 1 with Paris Saint-Germain. He failed to win La Liga in two seasons with Real Madrid. 
 "I'm very happy. This win was important, it's a fantastic experience," said Ancelotti. 
 "The team has done a very good job and I would like to thank this fantastic club. 
 "I am lucky to be here with these great players and the fans who have supported us so fantastically all season. 
 "We deserved the title, we played nice football. 
 "Now is the time to celebrate and after that we will prepare for the new season as best as possible." 
 Ancelotti's Bundesliga success has been tempered by Bayern's Champions League exit to Real Madrid and its German Cup semifinal loss to Borussia Dortmund. 
 Wednesday's 3-2 cup defeat at home to Thomas Tuchel's Dortmund denied Ancelotti the chance of emulating predecessor Pep Guardiola with a domestic double in his first season. 
 Bayern president Uli Hoeness had said just one title "is a bit too little" for a club of its stature, but chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge praised the record-extending achievement of a fifth league crown in a row. 
 "This is something exceptional and unbelievable," said Rummenigge. "I believe we completely deserve to be champions." 
 Bayern captain Philipp Lahm will retire at the end of the season with eight Bundesliga winner's medals in his trophy cabinet. 
 "We really deserved that as a team," said Lahm. 
 "It wasn't a foregone conclusion we would win the title with three games left to play. 
 "We scored our goals at the right time and we showed how much joy we take from playing, that makes it hard for every opponent." 
 The 33-year-old utility player, who has been at the club since he was 11 years old, will hang up his boots having also led Germany to the 2014 World Cup. 
 He has claimed every major honor with Bayern, winning the 2013 Champions League and the German Cup six times. 
 "The figures are pretty good, but 16 goals in 515 matches means there's room for improvement," quipped Lahm. 
 Agence France-Presse 
 
(China Daily 05/01/2017 page12)

























