 
SHANGHAI - Brazil forward Hulk scored a trademark screamer as Andre Villas-Boas' Shanghai SIPG doubled FC Seoul 4-2 to take its place in the last 16 of the Asian Champions League on Wednesday. 
Mirroring his spectacular winner against the same foe in February, Hulk unleashed a crunching left-foot shot that opened the scoring in the 25th minute. 
Zhang Wei and Wu Lei were also on target before former Chelsea star Oscar added the fourth to keep Seoul at bay after its strikes through Maurinho and Park Chu-young. 
The victory put SIPG through alongside Group F rival Urawa Red Diamonds, while Thailand's Muangthong United beat Brisbane Roar 3-0 to reach the knock-out stage for the first time. 
Xisco nodded Muangthong's opener in the 37th minute, a goal that ended the night for Brisbane goalkeeper Jamie Young who sustained a deep gash to his forearm as he collided with the post. 
 
 

  
Chanathip Songkrasin beat two defenders and rounded replacement goalkeeper Tomislav Bilic in the 83rd minute before Teerasil Dangda added a third in the dying minutes. 
It meant the end of the road for Brisbane, which fielded an under-strength side as it builds up to Sunday's A-League semifinal against Melbourne Victory. 
Earlier, Urawa also eliminated Australian opposition when the J-League leader whipped 2014 champion Western Sydney Wanderers 6-1. 
Takahiro Sekine opened the scoring before Yoshiaki Komai set up Zlatan Ljubijankic and then Tadanari Lee for Urawa's second and third goals before the break. 
The Wanderers pulled one back through Jumpei Kusukami, but Rafael Silva scored twice in eight minutes and then teed up Shinzo Koroki to complete the rout. 
In Group E, Kashima Antlers ousted Ulsan Hyundai with a 4-0 win to reach the last 16 for the first time since 2011. 
The match was scoreless at halftime, but calamitous defending had Ulasan down 3-0 in the space of 15 second-half minutes. 
Goalkeeper Kim Yong-dae palmed a shot into the path of Mu Kanazaki for the first goal in the 52nd minute before a loose ball on defense was punished by Pedro Junior. 
Kim was then victimized when he sliced a clearance to the feet of Kanazaki, who made no mistake from close range. 
Leo Silva scored Kashima's fourth goal in the 90th minute with a fine strike from distance. 
Agence France-Presse 
 
(China Daily 04/28/2017 page22)