LIVERPOOL - Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said on Tuesday the Champions League quarterfinals is where his side belongs after ending a nine-year wait to reach the last eight.
After settling for a scoreless draw in an uninspiring last 16, second leg at Anfield, Liverpool blasted Porto 5-0 on aggregate thanks to a dominant triumph in Portugal three weeks ago.
"It feels really good," said Klopp, who is only in his second full season in charge.
"I think this year we belong there, to be honest. It should not be a big surprise.
"The next round will be difficult, seven other very good teams, maybe four of them are from England, which doesn't make it easier.
"I think we will have a chance for sure to go to the semis. We'll take it step-by-step."
With the job done in Portugal, Klopp could even afford the luxury of starting top-scorer Mohamed Salah and club-record signing Virgil van Dijk on the bench with one eye on Saturday's crucial Premier League clash at Manchester United.
"Now we can prepare for the Manchester game. I'm looking forward to it," added Klopp.
Liverpool has made a habit of fast starts in Europe this season, but took time to warm to its task with the German having made five changes in all from the side that beat Newcastle last weekend.
It took 17 minutes for the host to threaten when Joe Gomez's cross was acrobatically flicked towards the goal by Mane, but looped just over the bar.
Mane was inches away from his fourth goal of the tie on the half-hour mark when he controlled James Milner's lofted pass on his chest before smashing the inside of Iker Casillas's far post.
Dejan Lovren then headed narrowly over as Liverpool threatened to raise the pulse of an understandably more subdued Anfield crowd than is customary on a European night.
"Probably if you draw away and then win at home it feels different," said Klopp.
"But the maximum you can achieve is the next round, and we did that in a comfortable way."
Casillas was given a standing ovation by the Liverpool fans as he took to the field after the break in his record 167th and possible final appearance in the Champions League.
"I think he has more (appearances) than our whole squad," said Klopp, who embraced Casillas after the match. "I don't say the number of years, but I think he obviously wants to play a bit more."
That was one of few moments that got the home fans off their feet as Liverpool settled into its substantial lead.
Before Danny Ings substituted for him in the final half hour, Roberto Firmino had a clear chance to add to his seven Champions League goals this season when his shot was blocked by Porto captain Felipe.
Salah was given 15 minutes to find the winner when he replaced Mane. The Egyptian had one opportunity to extend his scoring streak to eight straight games, but Casillas smothered his low effort.
Casillas made his best stop of the night two minutes from time to deny Ings and preserved the shutout.
AFP