Expanding the soccer World Cup to 48 teams will help China and other emerging nations to realize their dreams of international glory, a top FIFA executive said in Beijing on Thursday.
Despite concerns that the plan, which was approved this year, could dilute the quality of the elite tournament, Fatma Samoura, secretary-general of the governing body, said it will benefit the game's development in China by increasing the country's hopes of hosting and even winning the event.
The expansion "gives all confederations the chance to be part of a longer football festival, and (increases) the possibility of fast-growing nations like China one day hosting and lifting this beautiful trophy," she said, pointing to the golden World Cup trophy on display.
Samoura was speaking at an event in Beijing to announce a nearly $100 million partnership between FIFA and consumer electronics maker Hisense to sponsor the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
In January, the FIFA Council voted unanimously in favor of expanding the final stage of the quadrennial tournament from 32 to 48 teams starting in 2026.
In the proposals released on March 30, the Asian Football Confederation would receive eight berths in the new-look tournament, double its current quota. The final decision on the allocation of berths will be made in May.
The move has triggered concern among some observers about the quality of the competition with less-competitive squads potentially included, but FIFA executives dismissed the idea.
"We don't want the expanded World Cup to lose the quality, ... but 48 teams is less than 25 percent of the 211 member associations of FIFA, so my opinion is 48 is not enough－we need more," said Samoura, named FIFA's first female secretary-general, in June.
China unveiled an ambitious soccer reform plan in early 2015 aimed at becoming a world-class competitor by 2050. The plan was inspired by President Xi Jinping, who has expressed a wish to see China qualify for, host and win the World Cup.
Under the campaign, training programs have been launched at about 13,000 schools nationwide and massive investment has been stimulated in the game, highlighted by the $410 million spent by Chinese Super League clubs during the winter transfer window.
Samoura praised China's efforts to boost the game and said she expects FIFA to contribute to the nation's quest.
"I know the Chinese Football Association is in contact with many great leagues ... in Europe, and many programs for training referees and coaches and player exchanges are also taking place," she said. "Bringing the event to more countries, it's possible to generate more revenue. FIFA has embarked since 2016 on a very large development program and China is one of the beneficiaries."
Still, China has to stand on its own feet in charting its path to success, said Tan Jianxiang, sports sociology expert at South China Normal University.
"The expansion might provide a shortcut for China to achieve its World Cup goal, but only by implementing the reform plan with consistent investment, commitment and diligence at the grassroots can it build sustainable prowess," he said.