Relief for Jose as Serbian seals a great escape
LONDON - Jose Mourinho admitted Manchester United rode its luck on Monday as Nemanja Matic's late thunderbolt earned a dramatic 3-2 win at Crystal Palace.
Mourinho's side fell behind to Andros Townsend's early opener and Patrick van Aanholt's second-half effort at Selhurst Park.
But Chris Smalling got one back for United and Romelu Lukaku equalized with 14 minutes remaining.
That set the stage for Serbia midfielder Matic to score for the first time since his move from Chelsea last year with a blistering blast from the edge of the area in stoppage time.
It was an escape that seemed unlikely when United fell 2-0 behind after being outfought and outplayed by a Palace team fighting gamely to avoid relegation.
But Mourinho took heart from the way his players shrugged off their limp first half to move back above Liverpool into second place in the Premier League and within 16 points of runaway leader Manchester City.
The victory was a big boost for United ahead of Saturday's visit of old rival Liverpool to Old Trafford.
"You always need that little bit of luck to win a match in the last few minutes," Mourinho said.
"We played very good quality football in the second half but we made so many defensive mistakes.
"That disgraceful, childish second goal changed everything. But the players kept an amazing attitude.
"I cannot tell you half of the things I told my team at halftime because there would be lots of bleeping on television.
"To come back from 2-0 against a home team that is desperate for points, it gives us a great feeling."
Third-from-bottom Palace, still struggling without the injured Wilfried Zaha, deserved better but remains one point from safety after a heartbreaking loss.
United was punished for its lethargic start in the 11th minute when Christian Benteke was allowed to slip into the United penalty area unchecked by Smalling.
His pass found Townsend 18 yards from the goal, and the Palace winger unleashed a shot that took a wicked deflection off Victor Lindelof as it looped past goalkeeper David De Gea.
With Matic and Paul Pogba rattled by Palace's relentless pressing, United was unable to match the Eagles' intensity.