Dalian's drubbing and dramatic derby highlight weekend matches
The Chinese Super League returned in a whirlwind of goals and high drama over the weekend, boding well for predictions that this season could be one of its most exciting in years.
Eight matches delivered 33 goals, an average of 4.1 per game, with Dalian Yifang's 8-0 humiliation at Shanghai SIPG establishing a record as the most lopsided victory in CSL history.
Expectations had risen at newly promoted Yifang after it paid Atletico Madrid a reported $58 million for Yannick Carrasco and Nicolas Gaitan, and another $7 million to West Ham for defender Jose Fonte last month.
However, the trio endured a nightmare on their debuts as SIPG's Brazilian pair Hulk and Oscar tormented Dalian's defense.
Oscar set SIPG on its way in the first minute and added a second goal in the 24th before a Hulk penalty gave the host a 3-0 advantage at halftime.
Dalian completely collapsed in the second period, conceding five goals in the space of 24 minutes, as Oscar completed his hat-trick and Chinese international winger Wu Lei also netted a treble.
"As the coach, I'm responsible for this," said Yifang coach Ma Lin.
"We celebrate victories together, and we will bear the consequences of defeats together. Who's responsible? No doubt, it's me. I will not pass the buck to anyone."
The next round does not look any easier for Yifang as it faces reigning seven-time champion Guangzhou Evergrande, which has welcomed ex-Italy international skipper Fabio Cannavaro back for a second stint in charge as manager following Liuz Felipe Scolari's departure at the end of last season
Evergrande, however, also tasted defeat in its opening match, losing 5-4 to Guangzhou R&F in a dramatic local derby on Friday.
The foreign contingent led the charge, with R&F's prolific Israeli striker Eran Zahavi and Evergrande's Brazilian forward Alan both bagging hattricks.
Xiao Zhi's 75th-minute winner lifted R&F to an openingday win over Evergrande for only the second time since it was promoted to the top flight in 2011.