BERLIN - Bayern Munich's iron grip on the Bundesliga shows no signs of weakening, but in Germany there is fear the lack of strong domestic rivals is hurting the Bavarians' Champions League chances.
Despite Saturday's scoreless draw at home to Hertha Berlin, Bayern finished the weekend 20 points clear, and is a massive 19 points ahead of second-place Borussia Dortmund, which drew 1-1 with Augsburg on Monday.
Bayern is steaming towards a sixth straight title, but European success has eluded it in recent years - the club's last Champions League title was in 2013.
"Until April, Bayern won't have any challenges," bemoaned German magazine Kicker. "How can they keep up pressure in the squad?
"It won't be easy given a sixth successive title is practically in the bag and there isn't a single week in March, other than the return trip to Istanbul, with two matches."
Barring the greatest upset in the competition's history in the Turkish capital on March 14, Bayern will reach the Champions League quarterfinal after hammering 10-man Besiktas 5-0 in last week's last-16 first-leg clash.
Since its 2013 triumph, Bayern has lost in the knockout stage to Spanish clubs.
Pep Guardiola's team bowed out of the semifinals to Real Madrid, Barcelona and Atletico Madrid in consecutive seasons.
Last term, under Carlo Ancelotti, Bayern lost in the quarterfinals to Real.
Critics say a dearth of strong domestic rivals means Bayern is rarely tested and struggles under pressure.
Bundesliga teams tend to defend conservatively against Bayern.
"The attitude is often that opponents don't want to lose heavily," said ex-Bayern midfielder Michael Ballack. "There is often too much respect."
Former West Germany striker Dieter Hoeness, brother of Bayern president Uli, said Bayern's huge lead does them no favors.
"When you have such a big lead, you lack a bit of bite," he told Sky.
"This huge gap is a problem for the Bundesliga, but also for Bayern."
Bayern is Germany's sole remaining Champions League side - compared to England's five teams - in the last 16. Dortmund and RB Leipzig - in its debut in the competition - both failed to make it past the group stage.
"It would be good if alongside Dortmund and Bayern, a third team constantly reached the Champions League," said Bayern striker Robert Lewandowski.
Helped by its Red Bull sponsorship, Leipzig is trying hard to become that third team, but after last season's surprise second-place finish it is currently languishing in sixth spot.
To produce more durable challengers to Bayern, German clubs need increased spending power.
Ownership issue 
In a bid to boost foreign investment, the German Football League (DFL) is considering ditching its '50+1' rule, which ensures clubs are majority owned by their own membership rather than external investors.
A change could see cash from overseas filling Bundesliga clubs' coffers in the future.
Too often, though, the rest of the Bundesliga is dwarfed by Bayern's financial might and prestige.
For years, it has lured Germany's best young talent from rivals to Munich, such as Serge Gnabry, Sebastian Rudy, Niklas Suele, Sandro Wagner and Leon Goretzka.
But the last player to come through the club's academy and make the grade was Austria defender David Alaba - back in 2010.
While Bayern tends to keep its top players, its domestic rivals often lose theirs - either to Munich or big-spending foreign clubs.
Dortmund lost two stars in the space of six months.
Ousmane Dembele joined Barcelona for $129 million before Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was sold to Arsenal for $78 million.
In contrast, Bayern paid Lyon a Bundesliga-record $59 million for French midfielder Corentin Tolisso last year.
Excluding the Tolisso deal, the Bundesliga's biggest transfer this season is the $31 million Dortmund paid Dynamo Kiev for Andriy Yarmolenko - a paltry sum compared to the outlays of Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and Real Madrid.
In return, Bundesliga clubs are getting young players from England looking for experience - a situation former Germany coach Berti Vogts believes is unhealthy.
"It must be a warning signal that English clubs send their young players to the Bundesliga just for them to play, because they do not have places in the Premier League," said Vogts.
This season, Jadon Sancho joined Dortmund because he felt he had limited opportunities at Manchester City.
Fellow England prospect Reece Oxford is on loan at Borussia Moenchengladbach from West Ham and Everton's Ademola Lookman opted for a stint at Leipzig.
Agence France-presse