LIVERPOOL－Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp hailed Mohamed Salah's insatiable appetite for goals after the Egyptian continued his hot streak in a 4-1 victory over West Ham at Anfield on Saturday.
After scoring for the sixth straight match, Salah has scored 31 times in all competitions this season－already equaling Luis Suarez' best haul for the Reds in the 2013-14 campaign.
Salah also drew even with Harry Kane at 23 Premier League goals in an outstanding debut season at Liverpool in the battle for the golden boot.
"I like Mo's desire for goals," Klopp said. "He is a player who is full of greed to score goals."
Salah also provided the assist for Emre Can to open the scoring from a corner before Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane also got on the scoresheet on another prolific day for Klopp's front three as Liverpool broke through the 100-goal mark for the season.
"When I woke up this morning I didn't expect a game like this; it was a joy to watch for everybody," added Klopp.
"It was intense, it was aggressive, it was angry, it was full of desire.
"I saw everything I wish to see in a game of football and it's not often you see such a complete picture.
"We scored from a set-piece too. You only ever talk to me about set-pieces when we suffer from them, so it's nice to score one."
The victory moved Liverpool a point above Manchester United into second in the Premier League to crank up pressure on United and Chelsea, who faced each other at Old Trafford on Sunday.
"To get the points is important. We all put pressure on each other with results. That is how it is," Klopp added.
"We have no time to rest, no time to waste one point. It is really intense for all the teams involved, for all the players involved.
"I don't think United and Chelsea think too much about us, but they know before the matchday that we are around. We play United in two weeks., and there are no points to waste.
"I would have taken a 1-0,(they) hit the post four times, Loris Karius makes 20 saves－whatever it takes, because we need the points."