Barca boss hails superstar for vintage effort against Girona
BARCELONA－Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde said on Saturday that Lionel Messi never fails to surprise him as the Argentine maestro scored twice, including a freekick, in a 6-1 comeback win over Girona.
The La Liga leader overcame going a goal down to cruise to a victory which gave it a 10-point advantage at the top with a Luis Suarez hattrick and debut league goal for Philippe Coutinho ensuring the three points.
"It's difficult to get used to, especially because we're talking about a player about whom we say we've seen it all, but Messi always surprises you," said Valverde.
Messi, who now has 30 goals in all competitions this season, had Valverde reaching for the superlatives for his freekick which bamboozled Girona when he coaxed the ball along the turf instead of over the top and into the net.
"We all expected to see how he would get it over the wall but he hits it under. You see it and you think it's easy. Leo just makes it look easy, but it's not that easy," said the coach.
The match was also special for Messi from a personal point of view as it was the first since the death of his maternal grandfather at home in Argentina.
Running the show
Messi put Barca in front on the half-hour mark, after Suarez touched down a long pass from Andres Iniesta for the Argentinian.
It looked as though the chance had gone when Messi was forced wide, but the league's top scorer showed trademark footwork to elude several defenders before slotting into the bottom corner.
The five-time Ballon d'Or winner was running the show, and he doubled the advantage just seven minutes later with his low freekick under the wall.
"It always seems that he has done everything and then suddenly, he surprises us again, as with his freekick. It sounds easy but it is not," said Valverde.
Having gone five games without a goal before his crucial equalizer in the 1-1 draw at Chelsea in the Champions League last Wednesday, Messi has scored three in two games.
Selfless Ronaldo
Meanwhile, Real Madrid remains off the pace in third, despite a comfortable 4-0 victory over Alaves that saw Cristiano Ronaldo net a double and Gareth Bale get back on the scoresheet.
Real coach Zinedine Zidane hailed Ronaldo's selflessness after the forward gave up the chance of a hat-trick by allowing Benzema to take a late penalty.
Zidane restored Bale to the starting XI to reunite the 'BBC' front line of the Welshman, Ronaldo and Benzema.
Ronaldo, whose first goal was created by a magnificent Benzema flick, stood aside in the 89th minute to allow the Frenchman to convert only his fourth league goal of the season.
"The gesture by Cristiano is very important," said Zidane. "After the game he played, Karim just needed to score a goal.
"He (Ronaldo) had opportunities, he scored twice. After there is this gesture of Cristiano for Karim.
"This proves that between them there is a good atmosphere, a good relationship, and to win and continue what we're doing, it's super important."
The reigning champion's title hopes have all but evaporated with Real trailing Barcelona by 14 points, but a run of four straight victories has ended any worries of missing out on a Champions League spot.
"Confidence returns from playing and winning these kinds of matches," added Zidane.
"After our match against PSG (3-1 win in Champions League), we've been doing much better. Maybe there was a missing part or something like that."
AFP