Mueller believes repeat of 2013 trophy haul possible after rout
MUNICH, Germany - Thomas Mueller believes Bayern Munich could repeat its 2013 treble after crushing 10-man Besiktas 5-0 in the first leg of its Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday.
Bayern has one foot in the quarterfinals with Besiktas facing a near-impossible task for the return leg in Istanbul on March 14.
Both Mueller and Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Bayern ran riot in the second half in Germany.
"Everything is possible," Mueller said when asked whether Bayern can repeat its 2013 haul of Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup titles.
However 72-year-old head coach Jupp Heynckes, who oversaw the treble five years ago, said Bayern must do better if it wants all three titles again.
"Any talk like that is the job of journalists. The Champions League is a different competition and we must improve," said Heynckes.
"Everyone in the stadium saw that we found it hard in the first half.
"We didn't find our rhythm and we were nervous - I don't know my team like that.
"In the first half there wasn't any tempo to our game, our passing was off and it allowed Besiktas to attack us more.
"The opener before the break gave us a psychological advantage and in the second half we saw a different Bayern team.
"We scored some great goals and played some good football."
Turning point 
Disaster struck for Besiktas after just 16 minutes at Allianz Arena when Croatian defender Domagoj Vida was sent off for hauling down
Lewandowski as he was through on goal.
Mueller broke the deadlock just before halftime when he scored his first from close range.
The floodgates then opened after the break as Kingsley Coman struck before Mueller poached his second.
Lewandowski then scored two late goals to leave him with 29 goals in all competitions this season, as Bayern-19 points clear in the league and through to the German Cup semifinals - claimed its 14th straight victory.
Mueller said the introduction of veteran wingers Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery off the bench made the difference.
"It's been five years since all our outfield players were fit and the trainer doesn't have it easy, but everyone who came on did a good job," said Mueller.
"Arjen made us a bit more aggressive, Franck also did well and we need that extra bit of power from the bench."
Robben came on when James Rodriguez limped off with a calf injury in the 44th minute.
The Dutchman was heavily involved in Mueller and Lewandowski's second goals, but was unhappy at being left out of the starting lineup.
"Of course, I was disappointed, but I don't want to say any more because if I speak my mind, I will end up in front of Brazzo (Bayern's director of sport Hasan Salihamidizic)," said Robben.
Like Ribery, Robben, who scored Bayern's winning goal in the 2013 Champions League final will be without a contract in June.
Old guard 
Heynckes sees it as a positive to have so much experience on Bayern's bench.
"I am very pleased to have a squad like this in case of injuries and illness in the future," he said.
"Any top player like Arjen Robben wants to play from the start, but we have so many good players.
"Anyone who signs a contract for Bayern Munich has to accept that they won't start every game."
Besiktas was making its debut in the knockout stages of the Champions League and the Turkish side's head coach Senol Gunes said his squad learned a harsh lesson.
"We won or drew all our games in the group phase, but tonight the opponent was better," he said.
"After the sending-off it became too difficult for us.
"We suffered mentally and physically, and they took advantage."
Gunes swapped striker Vagner Love for defender Dusko Tosic in the second half, but it made little difference.
"We tried to limit the damage and focus on the second half but we couldn't manage it," said the Besiktas boss.
"We are an attacking team but we had to defend and we couldn't play our football because the opponent was too strong."
Agence France - presse